 Resbite Brand Guidelines




              Resbite
      RES003 - Brand Identity

          Prepared for Resbite
by Imogen Adams, Visual Creative Director


            6 August 2020
Contents

 3   Main Brand Identity


 8   Fonts


 5   Colours


 6   The App


 7   Marketing & Social Spaces


 8   Iconography


 9   Copy & Tone Of Voice


17   Characters & Animations


22   Backgrounds & Graphic Devices




                                     Main Brand Identity   2
Main Visual Identity

Overview


Intro to the Resbite brand goes here. A number of logo variations and layout combinations to ensure the correct
usage for each individual medium of design for print and digital.


Logo variations

We have created a number of logo variations and layout combinations to ensure the correct usage for each
individual medium of design for print and digital.


Source Files


All source files for our visual identity including all fonts are located in our Dropbox folders. In each section of this
document, the source files will be referenced with links provided. Access to all files will be granted on request.




                                                                                          Main Brand Identity       3
Main Visual Identity

Graphic Mark

The Resbite icon may be used alone as a device or
combined with the logotype in select layouts, as seen
in the folowing collection. The master f iles for all
of the following logos can be found in the dropbox
folder and exports can be found here.


Note: This main graphic mark should not be used
at less than 100px in width. It creates problems
with the pixels between the strokes. For smaller
versions of the icon. Please refer to page 5 for the
f illed shape icon uses.



                                                        100px           400px




		




                                                                Main Brand Identity   4
The App Icons

The Resbite app icon may be used alone as a device for the app
or in other select situations when authorised.


                                                                 16px        32px
Note: Please use the provided master files when resizing the
icons for various platforms. The app icons should not be used
at less than 16px width unless otherwise authorised. Do not
change the size, angle or shape of the wave highlight unless
authorised.




                                                                   64px
                                                                                    100px




                200px




                                                                          Main Brand Identity   5
App Icon Variations                                             Yin Yang square             Flat square




The Resbite wordmark may be used alone as a device in
various select situations as seen in the folowing collection.
                                                                          100px

Note: Do not change the dimensions of the rounded
corners. When re-sizing the app icons, ensure the shape
dimensions are constrained and the corner width is fixed.
                                                                Yin yang circle             Flat circle



                                                                          100px




                                                                                  Main Brand Identity     6
Wordmark & graphic mark combination

The Resbite icon should also be used alongside the Resbite wordmark. The wordmark should not be used without the icon unless
authorised. The wordmark and icon combination can be used alone or combined with the tag-line, ‘Tech-free wellness’.




     100px                                 200px                                                  400px




Note: Do not alter the spacing between the letters or the wordmark. When re-sizing the app icons, ensure the shape
dimensions are constrained and the corner width is fixed.




                                                                                             Main Brand Identity     7
Wordmark, graphic mark & tagline combination




                 200px                                               400px



Note: Do not alter the spacing between the graphic mark, the wordmark and the tagline. The space between the
tagline and the wordmark and the space between the graphic mark and the wordmark should always be the
same distance.




                                                                                     Main Brand Identity       8
Fonts                                         Resbite Content Font Weights


The Resbite font used for content is
Montserrat. Each letterform is nearly
mono-linear, with optical corrections
applied to stroke joints where necessary to
                                              Header 1
                                              Font: Montserrat | Font weight: Bold
maintain an even typographic colour.

There are a total of 9 weights in the
Montserrat typeface family, however for the
                                              Header 2
visual identity, as standard we use only 3    Font: Montserrat | Font weight: Semi-bold
weight unless otherwise authorised; Light,
Semibold & Bold.

The entire Montserrat typeface family are
                                              Body 1
Google Open Fonts and can be                  Font: Montserrat | Font weight: Semi-bold
downloaded for f ree use here.
.
                                              Body 2
                                              Font: Montserrat | Font weight: Light




                                                                                          Fonts   9
Colours

Overview                                           Main Resbite Brand Hue


The Resbite brand colours comprise of the main
                                                          Main Resbite Aqua-Green = #89cac7
Resbite brand aqua-green and its 5 compliman-
tary shades and the 5 supporting colours; cream,
pink, green and purple.
                                                   Main Hue Complimentary Shades

Note: The main Resbite colours, shades and                Complimentary Shade 01 = #59a6a6
complimentary colours should not be
altered. Only the supporting colours described
                                                          Complimentary Shade 02 = #6ebfbd
on Page 10 of this document should be used
within the Resbite brand.
                                                          Complimentary Shade 03 = #a8ded9


                                                          Complimentary Shade 04 = #b5ebe3


                                                          Complimentary Shade 05 = #d9faf5




                                                                                        Colours   10
Supporting colours                           Main Supporting Colours     Supporting Grey Scale

The supporting brand colours have been
                                                     cream = #faf5f0             black = #333333
carfeully selected to compliment the main
Resbite aqua-green hue.
                                                     yellow = #8ac9c7            grey = #a8a7a7
Note: The main Resbite colours, shades and
complimentary colours should not be                  pink = #f2adb2
altered unless authorised. Only the
supporting colours seen here should be
used within the Resbite brand.                       purple = #bfb5bf


                                                     purple = #8ac9c7


                                                     green05 = #a8ded9


					




                                                                               Colours      11
Marketing & Social Spaces

Overview

The Resbite website and social spaces
showcase the brand, helps communicate
areas such as news, jobs, the app’s key
features and how to get in touch. Visit the
site here:


Master Files


The social posts have been created in Adobe
Illustrator and the master f iles can be
downloaded here: Social Post Master Files




                                              Marketing & Social Spaces   12
The Website

The Resbite website and social spaces
showcase the brand, helps communicate
areas such as news, jobs, the app’s key
features and how to get in touch. Visit the
site here:


Master Files


The social posts have been created in Adobe
Illustrator and the master f iles can be
downloaded here: Website Master Files




                                              Marketing & Social Spaces   13
Social Spaces

The social spaces comprise of 3 key spaces that include Twitter, Facebook and Linkedin. They also include spaes that are
geared more towards our investors such as AngelList, Crunchbase and F6S.


Examples social space designs


Twitter                                    Facebook                                     Linkedin




                                                                                  Marketing & Social Spaces       14
Social Posts

Example of a Linkedin post                 Example of a Twitter post                          Example of a Facebook post




                                                                       Keep it real. Take a
                                            Jobs

                                                                                                              Keep it real. Take a
                                                                                               Opinions




                    Keep it real. Take a
 Products




Note: Please ensure the font guidelines on Page 5 of this document are adhered to when creating any design or
content for social spaces or the website. For iconography, please refer to page 13 of this document.




                                                                                              Marketing & Social Spaces              15
Iconography                                                 News catagory        Opinions catagory


Overview

The Resbite iconography is to be used within in all areas
of the brand, both digital and print based media.


Master Files


The icons have been created in Adobe Illustrator and the
master f ile can be downloaded here: Icon Master Files                                64px
                                                                 100px

Note: When designing new icons, ensure careful
attention is paid to size, line widths, curve ratio,
spacing and colour to keep a consistant set of icons         Products catagory   Jobs catagory
across all media. Do not use icons at less than 16pt
as f ine detail is lost.




                                                                   32px              16px




                                                                                    Iconography      16
Characters & Animations

Overview

The Resbite characters are centred around a family
of four; Mum, Dad, Son & Daughter. Each scene or
vignette illustrates the Resbite brand ethos - ‘An app
that optimises health and wellbeing by facilitating
respite f rom digital technology, reconnecting with
our sense of self, humanity and the natural world.’


Illustration Style

The style is a combination of up-beat, lifestyle
illustrations and playful, f ree-flowing sketches,
intended to envoke feelings of wellbeing, full-
f illed and healthy lifestyles whilst highlighting the
opposing negative scenarios that involve the over-
use of tech in every day life.


Master Files

The illustrations have been created in Adobe
Illustrator. The individual scenario vignettes can be
downloaded here: Character Master Files




                                                         Characters & Animations   17
Style

The style is a combination of up-beat lifestyle and wellness illustrations and playful, f ree-flowing sketches, intended to envoke
feelings of wellbeing, full-f illed and healthy lifestyles whilst highlighting the opposing negative scenarios that involve the
overuse of tech in every day, family life.



Negative 01 :Family on                Positive 01 :Family off            Negative 02 : Dad on screen,       Positive 02: Dad &
screens, f rustrated mum              on an outing                       daughter wants bike ride           daughter riding bike




Note: When placing the scenario vignettes in any medium, if one vignette needs to be used alone without its positive
alternative, it must be a positive scenario. Do not use a negative scenario on it’s own unless otherwise instructed.




                                                                                                     Characters & Animation          18
Colours                                        Main Character Colours           Character Skin Tones


The colours in each character’s skin, hair,            cream = #faf5f0                  dark tone = #b88f80
clothing and backgrounds have been
carfeully selected to compliment the main
Resbite aqua-blue hue.                                 yellow = #8ac9c7                 medium tone = #8ac9c7


Skin tone                                              pink = #f2adb2                   light tone = #8ac9c7


Three skin tones for members of the Resbite            light purple = #bfb5bf
family have been sensitively selected to
include multi-race shades and tones whilst
                                                       dark purple = #8ac9c7
complimenting the supporting Resbite hues.


Note: When creating new characters, do not             pink02 = #8ac9c7
alter the skin shade/tone of each individual
character unless otherwise instructed.




                                                                                   Characters & Animation      19
Strokes, Highlights & Shadows
                                                        Subtle white highlights
Strokes
                                                                                                   Dark purple
The stroke is a f ree-hand, pressure brush stroke
                                                                                                   pressure brush
set to a point size of 1pt and a pressure of 1pt. The
                                                                                                   for strokes
colour is always the Resbite dark purple: #8ac9c7


Highlights & Shadows

The highlight is a subtle stroke of light on the left
side and the Resbite dark purple with an opacity
of 15% creates the shadow on the right,



          Shadow = #b88f80            Opacity = 15%


          Highlight = #ffffff



Note: When creating new characters, do no
alter the shading, highlights or stroke width            Dark purple opacity
of each individual character unless                      for shadows
otherwise instructed.




                                                                                  Characters & Animation         20
Character Backgrounds                                                Background f rame
                                               Detail shades         shade: 05
The backgrounds in each vignette have been     to compliment
designed to act as a simple backdrop to the    the scenario
scene. There are 6 shades to choose f rom to
create the detail in the backgrounds.

6 Background Shades



         Main Resbite Aqua-Green = #89cac7


         BGShade 01 = #59a8a8
                                                                                 Detail can

         BGShade 02 = #6ebfbd                                                    include all 6
                                                                                 shades

         BGShade 03 = #a8ded9


         BGShade 04 = #b5ebe3


         BGShade 05 = #d9faf5
                                               Character base
                                               shade: 03




                                                                Characters & Animation        21
