Mission

                                            In recent times, big tech
                                            companies have designed
                                            addictive software that
                                            subconsciously changes our
                                            behaviour with disregard for
                                            our health and wellbeing...




          However, technology isn’t the
          problem. It has always had
          the potential to be designed
          in an ethical way. Resbite is a
          real social network, created to
          reverse this negative trend.




                                The real social network               #KeepItReal
Mission
                                             In recent times, big tech companies have designed addictive
                                             software that subconsciously changes our behaviour with
                                             disregard for our health and wellbeing...




          However, technology isn’t the problem. It has always had the
          potential to be designed in an ethical way. Resbite is a real
          social network, created to reverse this negative trend.




                                        The real social network                                #KeepItReal
Mission
                                        In recent times, big tech companies have
                                        designed addictive software that
                                        subconsciously changes our behaviour with
                                        disregard for our health and wellbeing...




          However, technology isn’t the problem.
          It has always had the potential to be
          designed in an ethical way. Resbite is a
          real social network, created to reverse
          this negative trend.




                                                                       #KeepItReal
                                The real social network
