E58 - Not-logged-in user opens the app and needs to log-in (2nd-run)US088
The user can reset the password to login
User choosses
a recovery link
Clearly show the user the possibility to type an e-mail address and a CTA "email me a recovery link"
SMS
e-mail
user chooses to recover pssword using email or SMS?`
confirmation message: "If an account exists, an email with further instructions" is beeing sent.
The user clicks the create new password button, or just copies and pastes the "magic link" in the browser.
The user is taken to a browser windows where to create a new password.
After this, log the user in right away, so there’s no need for the user to re-authenticate and enter credentials again. 
By not promising the user that an email will be sent and not disclosing whether the email/username even exists in the database, we :1) encourage them to double check their credentials (in case they don’t get the link) and 2) prevent phishing attacks.
Related UX reads: https://blog.prototypr.io/ux-guide-password-reset-user-flow-bfa35a16e527
US140

The user can reset the password through an SMS
to login
Password strengh meter shows the level of security to the user in real time..
Do not allow the user to submit password
The user types a password (only once).
typed password complies with security rules?
Request the user to comply with only two of these rules, making the password requirements clear at the same time:

Password must contain numbers;
Password must contain uppercase letters;
Password must have at least one @#$ symbol;
Length must be greater than 8 characters;
Password should not contain strings;
Password must not contain repetitions.
example:
Show password constraints upfront and update it in real time.
example: Mailchimp

NEW PASSWORD CREATED
The user can hide/show the created password.
Nice to have:
showing some empathy with a sentence under the title saying smth like "Don’t worry, happens to the best of us."
SPLASH
SCREEN
Terms and abbreviations

RB: Resbite
first-run experience: the first interaction that the user has with the app.
US002

The user can login
to the app

splash screen