E137 - User Profile

User Profile
Maria,
Maria's favorites
USER PROFILE
SETTING MAIN GOAL
FAVORITE RESBITES 
invite others
If the main goal is still not set, ecourage to do it.
explain benefits for the user if e-mail is verified
profile completion progress indicator
If any stats are gonna be shown, this is the place.
 
Let's tailor the resbites according to your goals
Which is the best way you can enjoy taking healthy breaks from digital devices?
these coud be:
"improving my body general health"
"reconnecting with nature"
"socializing more out of social networks"
"feel more relaxed"

See more details in wireflow US188
USER MAIN GOAL 
VERIFY YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS?
FAVORITE RESBITES
the choice triggers a microinteraction. The result could be the background chancging and matching every different choice with a specific background for each one of them.
DISCOVER
MARIA
ACHIEVE
Resbites get better with others
E90

Modifying the settings
GO PREMIUM
US 096
As a non-premium user, I want to check what other Resbite features I could enjoy if I went premium
shall we add an encouraging phrase here?
Details
If a goal has been set before it should be shown as already active

US083

As a user, I can see the details of a chosen resbite so that I can do it alone
You're doing great! The experience could be better if you go on completing your profile
US 050

As a user that has just got signed-in I want to invite contacts to use Resbite
E79

The user chooses a resbite
US132

As a user that is opening the app for the first time, I can set an initial goal during the on-boarding experience
badges / trophies not achieved yet :

1) Available challenges ready to be taken.
2) Swiping down the user can see "non revealed" challenges still not available that will be unlocked when the user makes more progress. Having a generic icon  with a lock on it could give that idea of "still locked" budge.

Achieved:
Skip this for now
Active Challenge:
In case there's a challenge ongoing a card like this appears in firs place.
A card for every ongoing challenge.
SPLASH
SCREEN
Terms and abbreviations

RB: Resbite
first-run experience: the first interaction that the user has with the app.
US002

The user can login
to the app

splash screen