FAVORITE RESBITES
E137 - User Profile

User Profile
Maria's favorites
USER PROFILE
SETTING MAIN GOAL
FAVORITE RESBITES 
If the main goal is still not set, ecourage to do it.
explain benefits for the user if e-mail is verified
profile completion progress indicator
If any stats are gonna be shown, this is the place.
 
Let's tailor the resbites according to your goals
Which is the best way you can enjoy taking healthy breaks from digital devices?
these could be:
"spending more time with friends"
"having more quality time with my family"
"having fun with workmates"
"going out with my couple"

See more details in wireflow US188
the choice triggers a microinteraction. The result could be the background chancging and matching every different choice with a specific background for each one of them.
shall we add an encouraging phrase here?
Details
If a goal has been set before it should be shown as already active

US083

As a user, I can see the details of a chosen resbite so that I can do it alone
US 050

As a user that has just got signed-in I want to invite contacts to use Resbite
DISCOVER
SETTINGS
BALANCE
ACHIEVE
GO PREMIUM
US 096
As a non-premium user, I want to check what other Resbite features I could enjoy if I went premium
VERIFY YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS?
You're doing great! The experience could be better if you go on completing your profile
USER MAIN GOAL 
Maria,
invite others
Resbites get better with others
E90

Modifying the settings
How do you identify
your gender?
Female
Non binary
I identify as:
Prefer not to answer
Male
GENDER
E) Include options upfront and together (avoid using "male/female/other"). It gives the impression that identities among "others" are less important or socially recognized.

F) Let the user type "other" gender.

G) Allow not to provide this information if it is not really necessary for Resbite user experience.
Best practices to be gender inclusive :

A) It's good to keep the verb "identify". It makes this step more user centric, since it makes reference to the gender the user identifies with, not to the gender assigned at birth or to the gender other people might assume.

B) If I was told to delete one of these options I would leave out the option "I identify as:"

C) ie: "Circle CI" (IT company) requires the gender in this way to users applying to open job positions:
D) Inform users how their information will be used
9:41
Skip this for now
Active Challenge:
In case there's a challenge ongoing a card like this appears in firs place.
A card for every ongoing challenge.
SPLASH
SCREEN
Terms and abbreviations

RB: Resbite
first-run experience: the first interaction that the user has with the app.
US002

The user can login
to the app

splash screen
Continue