Let's create a
great profile
picture
E27 - As a user that has just downloaded the app I want to start using it for the first time
USs involved: 037, 181

Registration process
PROVIDING PHONE NUMBER 037.A
REGISTRATION, LOG-IN
OR RECOVERY DISTRIBUTOR
COUNTRY SELECTION
US 165

As a user that is trying to
register, I can receive a phone
call in order to verify my
phone number
ALL
The button should appear disabled until the user inserts the verification code completely.

User can do this in two ways:
1) Typing the code.
2.a) iOS: An API listens from the verification code on the SMS and it places it as either predictive text (as in Tinders case). The user can tap this predictive text to complete the code field. 
2.b) Android: The user should be able to copy the code from the SMS notification
Source:https://medium.com/better-experience-design/better-experience-3-one-time-password-8891f1700b44
INDICATING CODE 037.B
E-MAIL ADDRESS 037.D
CAMERA ROLL
NAME  037.C
PROFILE PIC
LOCATION
Rabia's suggestion:
we could have a checkbox in here.
Let's start with your phone number
By continuing with the process you accept the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Already have an account? Log in
+44
Enter phone number
Send verification code
My code is
Verify through a phone call
code sent to: +54 224 564 748
What's your e-mail address?
What's your full name?
I would like to receive e-mails regarding:
Important account information and 
invitations from another Resbite friends
Resbite suggestions, advice about staying healthy and Resbite news.
Skip for now
Enter e-mail
First name
Last name
Where is your home location?
Where is your work location?
Enter city
Note
A) For every step, the "Continue" buttons should be disabled by default, and enabled once the user has entered a valid value in the input.

B) If gender, location or e-mail address is not something necessary to obtain from the user from the beginning, it would be good to take it out from here and let the user complete it in the Profile later.

C) Don’t navigate your users to Log In after verification because they are already registered.

D) Requesting for permissions best practices:https://techcrunch.com/2014/04/04/the-right-way-to-ask-users-for-ios-permissions/

US050

As a user that has just got signed-in I want to invite contacts to use Resbite
It would be good to explain to the user why this information is required, indicating what benefits would the user have with this.
ie: "Resbites will be better tailored for you with this information"
Keep the cities being searched within the country indicated on the left only, reducing the overall complexity of the search algorithm
Question for Rabia:What about pre-populating both fields (country and city) with IP geolocation? It might be less accurate, but you don't need user permission for it
The user can reposition the picture to fit the face in the face shape.
REGISTRATION PROCESS COMPLETE
US 122

The user can log-in typing access credentials
is there an account already active for this phone number ?
US 122

The user can log-in typing access credentials.Step 122.D
Trouble signing in?
Log in
Create a new account
US 122

The user can log-in typing access credentials.Step 122.A
US 220

As a user that has changed the phone number, I can recover my Resbite account with my e-mail addressStep 220 .A
Resbite
This text should explain why it is useful for the user to provide this information
Why a photo of my face?
Set work location as well
Ok
Yo are 80% more likely to be added to friend's and family's resbites if you can be easily identified with a clear and up-to-date profile photo of your face. 
Yo are more likely to be invited to resbites if you can be easily identified with a clear photo of your face.
Boost your experience 
By granting access to your location you will enjoy better resbites suggestions
Boost your experience 
By granting access to your location you will enjoy better resbites suggestions and you'll find friends near you.
You will be able to enjoy resbites more relevant to your location
Select your country code
countries where the app is  available should appear first.
Don't need to show this if this checkbox was already checked in the previous screen.
Please upload
a great profile picture
What's your postcode?
Have a B option
with the city already suggested for the user.
What's your location?
Reading, United Kingdom
How do you identify
your gender?
Female
Non binary
I identify as:
Prefer not to answer
Male
We could have a checkbox in here.
9:41
The sender should be clear for the user, like in the following example from "OBC Bank":
This text could be some text like:1) explaining benefits of making balance.

2) motivating the user to make balance, mentioning what this user is being great at and what could be done to make balance.
Continue
Or should the user arrive to a HOME screen with more diverse content?
reduces stress
see stats
US083

As a user, I can see the details of a chosen resbite so that I can do it alone
Skip this for now
Explain why it is useful for the user to provide this information. Smth like "Verifying your e-mail address will allow you to  invite other users to join you on resbites.".

ie: Tinder says "Don't loose access to your account. Verify your e-mail". Resbite will also need e-mail address to help th user recover access to the account.

SPLASH
SCREEN
Terms and abbreviations

RB: Resbite
first-run experience: the first interaction that the user has with the app.
US002

The user can login
to the app

splash screen
DISCOVER
SETTINGS
BALANCE
ACHIEVE