E27 - As a user that has just downloaded the app I want to start using it for the first time
USs involved: 037, 181

Registration process
PROVIDING PHONE NUMBER 
COUNTRY SELECTION
US 165

As a user that is trying to
register, I can receive a phone
call in order to verify my
phone number
ALL
The button should appear disabled until the user inserts the verification code completely.

User can do this in two ways:
1) Typing the code.
2.a) iOS: An API listens from the verification code on the SMS and it places it as either predictive text (as in Tinders case). The user can tap this predictive text to complete the code field. 
2.b) Android: The user should be able to copy the code from the SMS notification
Source:https://medium.com/better-experience-design/better-experience-3-one-time-password-8891f1700b44
INDICATING CODE
E-MAIL ADDRESS
NAME
GENDER
LOCATION
Rabia's suggestion:
we could have a checkbox in here.
Let's start with your phone number
By continuing with the process you accept the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Already have an account? Log in
+44
Enter phone number
Send verification code
My code is
Verify through a phone call
code sent to: +54 224 564 748
What's your e-mail address?
What's your name?
I would like to receive e-mails regarding:
Important account information and 
invitations from another Resbite friends
Resbite suggestions, advice about staying healthy and Resbite news.
Skip for now
Enter e-mail
Name
Surname
How do you identify
your gender?
Female
Non binary
I identify as:
Prefer not to answer
Male
What's your postcode?
What's your location?
Reading, United Kingdom
Note
A) For every step, the "Continue" buttons should be disabled by default, and enabled once the user has entered a valid value in the input.

B) If gender, location or e-mail address is not something necessary to obtain from the user from the beginning, it would be good to take it out from here and let the user complete it in the Profile later.

C) Don’t navigate your users to Log In after verification because they are already registered.
alternative version for user location
Best practices to be gender inclusive :

A) It's good to keep the verb "identify". It makes this step more user centric, since it makes reference to the gender the user identifies with, not to the gender assigned at birth or to the gender other people might assume.

B) If I was told to delete one of these options I would leave out the option "I identify as:"

C) ie: "Circle CI" (IT company) requires the gender in this way to users applying to open job positions:
D) Inform users how their information will be used
E) Include options upfront and together (avoid using "male/female/other"). It gives the impression that identities among "others" are less important or socially recognized.

F) Let the user type "other" gender.

G) Allow not to provide this information if it is not really necessary for Resbite user experience.
US188

As a user I can indicate my motivation to take more breaks from digital technology
It would be good to explain to the user why this information is required, indicating what benefits would the user have with this.
REGISTRATION PROCESS COMPLETE
Have a B option
with the city already suggested for the user.
We could have a checkbox in here.
The sender should be clear for the user, like in the following example from "OBC Bank":
This text could be some text like:1) explaining benefits of making balance.

2) motivating the user to make balance, mentioning what this user is being great at and what could be done to make balance.
Continue
Or should the user arrive to a HOME screen with more diverse content?
reduces stress
see stats
9:41
US083

As a user, I can see the details of a chosen resbite so that I can do it alone
Skip this for now
Explain why it is useful for the user to provide this information. Smth like "Verifying your e-mail address will allow you to  invite other users to join you on resbites.".

ie: Tinder says "Don't loose access to your account. Verify your e-mail"

SPLASH
SCREEN
Terms and abbreviations

RB: Resbite
first-run experience: the first interaction that the user has with the app.
US002

The user can login
to the app

splash screen
DISCOVER
SETTINGS
BALANCE
ACHIEVE