E58 - Not-logged-in user opens the app and needs to log-in (2nd-run)
USs involved: 122, 220

Logging in
There are 2 main paths on this flow:
a) Logging in (upper row)
b) Account recovery (lower row)
PROVIDING PHONE NUMBER 122.A
ACCOUNT RECOVERY 220.A
COUNTRY SELECTION
US 165

As a user that is trying to
register, I can receive a phone
call in order to verify my
phone number
ALL
The button should appear disabled until the user inserts the verification code completely.

User can do this in two ways:
1) Typing the code.
2.a) iOS: An API listens from the verification code on the SMS and it places it as either predictive text (as in Tinders case). The user can tap this predictive text to complete the code field. 
2.b) Android: The user should be able to copy the code from the SMS notification
Source:https://medium.com/better-experience-design/better-experience-3-one-time-password-8891f1700b44
INDICATING CODE 122.B
122.C
122.D
E-MAIL ADDRESS
Rabia's suggestion:
we could have a checkbox in here.
The country code should be pre-set by geolocation.
Log  in
By continuing with the process you accept the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Proceed to Log in
Proceed to recover account
+44
Enter phone number
Send verification code
My code is
Verify through a phone call
Update your e-mail address, type it again
code sent to: +54 224 564 748
What's your e-mail address?
I would like to receive e-mails regarding:
Important account information and 
invitations from another Resbite friends
Resbite suggestions, advice about staying healthy and Resbite news.
Skip for now
Enter e-mail
US 050

As a user that has just got signed-in I want to invite contacts to use Resbite
US 082

As a user, I can choose a resbite to do
should be disabled by default, and enabled once the user has entered a valid value in the input.
USER IS LOGGED IN
is there an account already active for this phone number ?
Has the user indicated an e-mail address for this account before?
US 037

The user can register on RB using phone number
Screen 037.C
Trouble signing in?
Log in
Create a new account
Account recovery
We'll send you a link so that you can quickly recover your account
If an account for example@example.com exists, we've already sent a recovery link.
In case you haven't received the link:
Send link
button should be disabled by default, and enabled once the user has entered a valid value in the input.
By not promising the user that an email will be sent and not disclosing whether the email/username even exists in the database, we :1) encourage them to double check their credentials (in case they don’t get the link) and 2) prevent phishing attacks.
REGISTRATION, LOG-IN
OR RECOVERY DISTRIBUTOR
Related UX reads: https://blog.prototypr.io/ux-guide-password-reset-user-flow-bfa35a16e527
The user receives an e-mail with a text that says "Log in to your account" and provides a LOG-IN button and an alternative link to copy and paste on browser.
See Tinder example screenshot on ClubHouse US 220
LOG IN button clicked by the user
Let's verify your
phone number
Has it been too long since the user invited friends to join the app for the last time ?
The sender should be clear for the user, like in the following example from "OBC Bank":
This text could be some text like:1) explaining benefits of making balance.

2) motivating the user to make balance, mentioning what this user is being great at and what could be done to make balance.
Continue
Or should the user arrive to a HOME screen with more diverse content?
reduces stress
see stats
9:41
US083

As a user, I can see the details of a chosen resbite so that I can do it alone
Skip this for now
Explain why it is useful for the user to provide this information. Smth like "Verifying your e-mail address will allow you to  invite other users to join you on resbites.".

ie: Tinder says "Don't loose access to your account. Verify your e-mail". Resbite will also need e-mail address to help th user recover access to the account.

SPLASH
SCREEN
Terms and abbreviations

RB: Resbite
first-run experience: the first interaction that the user has with the app.
US002

The user can login
to the app

splash screen
DISCOVER
SETTINGS
BALANCE
ACHIEVE
Nice to have:
showing some empathy with a sentence under the title saying smth like "Don’t worry, happens to the best of us."