Resbite - The real social network Home Product Research Home Product Research The real social network The Resbite app helps you to connect and socialise in the real world by suggesting and facilitating real-social activities. The real social network The Resbite app helps you to connect and socialise in the real world by suggesting and facilitating real-social activities. Our mission Many modern technologies have stopped us being present, diminished human relationships and distanced us from reality. We are on a mission to repair the individual and societal damage caused by these harmful technologies and create ethically designed social technology that makes a positive impact on the world. Resbite will bring communities together in a real way, enabling people to feel healthier and happier whilst rediscovering their authentic sense of self and the world around them. Why do this? From a young age, our Co-Founder and Chief Innovation Officer (CINO), Stephen Gray, personally experienced and witnessed the harm the internet's first breed of social technologies caused. After the mass adoption of social media, he became more specifically interested in the unethical strategy and design objectives of big tech's social products. In 2016, he sold his then successful digital creative agency and posted a blog embarking on a mission to create real social tech. Your browser does not support the audio tag. 0:00 2:49 0:00 … ) ) + - Download transcript We design ethical tech Apps today are designed to maximise engagement for profits, putting the wealth generation of the few over the well-being of the masses. This leads to addiction, weakens real connections, and harms mental health. In 2019, Stephen shifted from advocacy to action by creating Resbite to challenge these harmful practices. Resbite fosters real-world interactions, focuses on user health, and avoids addictive features that dominate today's tech landscape. Building on this, he founded Good Unicorn, a venture studio that creates and supports ethical tech startups like Resbite. The 'Code of Design Ethics' shaped by Good Unicorn's principles focuses on critical aspects such as: Previous Next Reconnecting humanity We encourage human to human connection and removing technology from that relationship whenever possible. Society first, individual second We always prioritise the greater good of society over an individual’s needs or wants. Removing distractions We only push notifications to a person when it’s absolutely essential to the usability of the app. Removing gamification We do not offer virtual rewards. Usage of the app will reward people through positive real-life experience. Privacy We do not allow an individual’s personal data to be seen publicly. We never sell user data or use it to target ads. No ads…ever! We will never place ads on our app. We will never subscribe people to the damaging attention economy. No fakes We have designed a closed private network. It means no fake profiles, scams or fraud and full accountability for negative behaviour. Sustainable business We align our revenue model with positively helping people. The happier and healthier our customers are, the more financially successful we are. Keep in touch Subscribe to our mailing list to keep updated with the development of the Resbite app and follow our journey along the way. If you’re already on social media, you can follow us on the links below. If you’re not on social media, congratulations, you’re most likely healthier and happier as a result. If you’re already on social media, you can follow us on the links below. If you’re not on social media, we understand and are looking forward to providing you with a real alternative very soon. hello@resbite.com +44 (0)20 3551 1457 site by Creamos ® Head office 86-90 Paul Street London EC2A 4NE UK R&D office Copthall House King Street ST5 1EL UK © Copyright 2020 Resbite is registered UK & EU TM ® Resbite Ltd Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms & conditions site by Creamos ®