Resbite - The real social network Home Product Research Home Product Research Research Our co-founder’s personal experiences led him to passionately believe that most social technologies were, in fact, antisocial and directly harmful to individuals, culture, and society. However, one opinion isn’t enough. We back this belief with independent academic research, which validates our values, guides our design ethics, and helps us reach those in need. Research Our co-founder’s personal experiences led him to passionately believe that most social technologies were, in fact, antisocial and directly harmful to individuals, culture, and society. However, one opinion isn’t enough. We back this belief with independent academic research, which validates our values, guides our design ethics, and helps us reach those in need. Social media benefits vs harms With funding from the EU, Keele University has completed a piece of independent research for us, collating and presenting previous research studies on social media, its benefits, and its associated harms. The report concludes there is a need for a new type of social networking that brings us together in real life, validating our business case. This report is a starting point on our research path, and we are currently planning the next step. We have identified a need to design a deeper level of primary research that is continual and real-time, which will allow us to keep up with the fast pace of change in the social technology sector. We also intend to broaden the scope to the benefits and harms of the virtual vs the real. If you would like to receive a copy of the full 30-page report, please click the button below. Get full report Our partners We’ve partnered with Keele and Staffordshire Universities for research and development, supported by R&D grants for psychological studies on harmful tech and independent evaluations of our business and app. If you’d like to find out more about our research projects or you are interested in partnering with us for future projects, please email partners@resbite.com hello@resbite.com +44 (0)20 3551 1457 site by Creamos ® Head office 86-90 Paul Street London EC2A 4NE UK R&D office Copthall House King Street ST5 1EL UK © Copyright 2020 Resbite is registered UK & EU TM ® Resbite Ltd Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms & conditions site by Creamos ®