Resbite - The real social network Home Product Research Home Product Research Product Designed with purpose and insight, Resbite delivers better social outcomes than current social platforms. Guided by a solid ethical code, every feature is crafted to align with natural human behaviour. The result is a tool that seamlessly integrates into our social needs and enhances real connections. Product Designed with purpose and insight, Resbite delivers better social outcomes than current social platforms. Guided by a solid ethical code, every feature is crafted to align with natural human behaviour. The result is a tool that seamlessly integrates into our social needs and enhances real connections. Apply for early access Apply for early access to the app and become a founding member. Founding members will be given exclusive access to new releases before regular members and have the option of contributing to the app's future development. Apply for early access App overview Resbite is a new social network that helps you socialise by arranging real-world activities. It’s focused on building authentic, meaningful relationships. The app reconnects you with old friends, strengthens current relationships, and safely expands your social circle through friends-of-friends, all while suggesting fun activities to enjoy together. App features Location suggestions Find the best places to go for your chosen activity. Flexible invitations Create a poll to find out when all invitees can join. Groups & favourites Quickly access your grouped connections and favourite resbites. Resbite chat Chat with invitees or confirmed attendees. Photo collections Collate photos taken by all resbite attendees into a central repository for download. Guru stories Listen to experts share how activities improved their health and wellbeing. Child account Let your children under 13 participate in activities while tracking their wellness. Weather checker Check the forecast for outdoor activities. Hosted resbites Discover and buy tickets for local and national premium resbites. Location suggestions Find the best places to go for your chosen activity. Flexible invitations Create a poll to find out when all invitees can join. Groups & favourites Quickly access your grouped connections and favourite resbites. Resbite chat Chat with invitees or confirmed attendees. Photo collections Collate photos taken by all resbite attendees into a central repository for download. Guru stories Listen to experts share how activities improved their health and wellbeing. Child account Let your children under 13 participate in activities while tracking their wellness. Weather checker Check the forecast for outdoor activities. Hosted resbites Discover and buy tickets for local and national premium resbites. Creating a resbite Discover activity ideas Choose from more than 100 social activities with detailed descriptions of each one. Choose a time and place Set the start and finish times for your activity and then choose a meeting-point address or event location. Invite connections Choose the number of people you’d like to attend and then invite a shortlist of your connections. Roadmap Feb 2020 - Project started The Co-Founder and Chief Innovation Officer (CINO), Stephen Gray, stops his research and talks on anti-social technologies and instead starts to create his own product to maximise positive social impact. Jul 2021 - Strategy & Creative The Resbite team and its partners carry out market research, set the business strategy and purpose, document a code of ethics, and conceive the basic app idea. Jan 2022 - Branding The team commissions creative agency Creamos to create the Resbite brand. They respond with a brand guide, visual identity, narratives, animation, the base website, and investor assets. Jul 2022 - App v0 design Resbite recruits an app design team and gets to work on the information architecture, logic, flows, user interface and in-app brand experience for the MVP (v0). Dec 2022 - App v0 prototype The design team completes the visual design of the app screens, creates a component brand guide and makes a working prototype. The app experience is captured as video to use as an investment asset. Jul 2023 - App put on hold Resbite is put on hold whilst the team refocus on setting up a venture studio to support Resbite and other tech-for-good projects. This includes the hiring of new Co-Founders. 2025 - App v0 launch The MVP release contains essential features needed for people to connect, find and learn more about an activity, arrange a meet, check wellness, chat with resbite attendees and add a child account. 2026 - App v1 launch The second release of the app is made public. It contains extra freemium and premium features, including flexible invitations, photo collections, weather checking and guru stories. 2027 - App v2 launch The third release of the app is made public that includes hosted resbites. Activity providers can create premium events through a web portal and push them to a relevant audience. Feb 2020 - Project started The Co-Founder and Chief Innovation Officer (CINO), Stephen Gray, stops his research and talks on anti-social technologies and instead starts to create his own product to maximise positive social impact. Jul 2021 - Strategy & creative The Resbite team and its partners carry out market research, set the business strategy and purpose, document a code of ethics, and conceive the basic app idea. Jan 2022 - Branding The team commissions creative agency Creamos to create the Resbite brand. They respond with a brand guide, visual identity, narratives, animation, the base website, and investor assets. Jul 2022 - App v0 design Resbite recruits an app design team and gets to work on the information architecture, logic, flows, user interface and in-app brand experience for the MVP (v0). Dec 2022 - App v0 prototype The design team completes the visual design of the app screens, creates a component brand guide and makes a working prototype. The app experience is captured as video to use as an investment asset. Jul 2023 - App put on hold Resbite is put on hold whilst the team refocus on setting up a venture studio to support Resbite and other tech-for-good projects. This includes the hiring of new Co-Founders. 2025 - App v0 launch The MVP release contains essential features needed for people to connect, find and learn more about an activity, arrange a meet, check wellness, chat with resbite attendees and add a child account. 2026 - App v1 launch The second release of the app is made public. It contains extra freemium and premium features, including flexible invitations, photo collections, weather checking and guru stories. 2027 - App v2 launch The third release of the app is made public that includes hosted resbites. Activity providers can create premium events through a web portal and push them to a relevant audience. Wellness Family wellbeing Track how you and your children spend time on resbites across different wellness categories. Gain insight See how your resbite activity compares to others, including friends and household members. Virtual-social vs real-social Compare your time spent on antisocial tech vs real-social activities to maintain a healthy balance. Connection quality Discover which relationships you spend the most physical time with and which may need more human-to-human attention. hello@resbite.com +44 (0)20 3551 1457 site by Creamos ® Head office 86-90 Paul Street London EC2A 4NE UK R&D office Copthall House King Street ST5 1EL UK © Copyright 2020 Resbite is registered UK & EU TM ® Resbite Ltd Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms & conditions site by Creamos ®