Resbite - Cookie Policy Home Product Research Home Product Research Cookie policy In this cookie policy you can read about how we use cookies, the types of cookies we use, for how long they work and for what purposes they are used, how to change your cookie settings and opt-out, and Who are we and how can you contact us. When we use words like "us", "we", "our" we mean Resbite Ltd. You can find our company details below. We are the data controller of the data collected through the use of cookies on our website. This policy is part of our privacy policy. Our use of cookies may include processing of your personal data and we therefore recommend that you read our privacy policy, which can be found here www.resbite.com/privacy-policy.html . Consent Where you have consented to our use of cookies through the consent banner, apart from necessary cookies, you consent to our use of cookies as described under "Types of cookies and how we use them" below. You may at any time change or withdraw your cookie consent - See the section "How you can change your cookie settings, incl. opting out" below. What do I need to know about cookies? There are different types of cookies and they are used for different purposes. Below you can read about what a cookie is, the difference between first and third party cookies and session cookies vs. persistent cookies and what types of cookies we use on our website and why. What is a cookie? A cookie is a small piece of data that a website stores on your device when you visit it and which is then read when you later revisit the site. The word "cookies" in this policy and the consent also refers to other forms of automatic collection of data, e.g. Flash-cookies (Local Shared Objects), Web Storage (HTML5), Javascripts or cookies placed by other software. A cookie may contain information about the website itself, a unique identifier that allows the site to recognise your web browser when you return to the website, additional data that serves the purpose of the cookie, and the lifespan of the cookie itself. The word "cookies" or "cookie data" also covers information about IP and MAC addresses and other information about your device collected by said technologies. Cookies are used to enable certain features (e.g. logging in), to track site usage (e.g. analytics), to store your user settings (e.g. timezone, notification preferences), and to personalise your content (e.g. advertising, language). Session cookies vs. persistent cookies Session cookies only last as long as your online session. This means that they will disappear from your computer or device when you close your browser. They are therefore also sometimes referred to as temporary cookies. Typically, session cookies are used to remember what a user put in their basket when they are browsing a website. Persistent cookies are different. These cookies are sometimes called permanent cookies. They will stay on your computer or device after you close your browser. These types of cookies will expire according to the time specified in the cookie. You can see the specific duration of each persistent cookie below. What’s the difference between first and third party cookies? First party cookies are cookies that are set by the website that you are visiting and it's only this website that can access and read these cookies. Third party cookies are set by someone other than the owner of the website you’re visiting. As an example, some pages have content from other sites like YouTube. YouTube may set their own cookies on your browser when you play the video from YouTube. Cookies set by other sites and companies (i.e. third parties) can be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service. We may engage third parties to assist with maintenance, operation, creation or functionality of our website, e.g. analytics providers and content partners. We grant these third parties’ access to selected information to perform specific tasks on our behalf. We are, as a general rule, joint controller with providers of third-party cookies for the collection of personal data via such cookies and the disclosure to the provider. The provider of third-party cookies is data controller for the processing taking place after receiving the personal data from us. You can read more about the extent of our joint controllership with providers of third-party cookies in our privacy policy. We recommend reading the provider's privacy policy which can be found through links in the tables below, where you can also see which cookies on our website are first party cookies and third-party cookies. Types of cookies and how we use them Necessary cookies Necessary cookies are required for the basic functionality of our website to work. We use necessary cookies to make it possible for you to only have to enter your username and password once during a visit to our website. We also use necessary cookies to help with ensuring that you are given the option to accept or reject cookies, block non-necessary cookies from working until you give consent, and remember your cookie settings and choices. The cookies also help keep track of, if, and when, you gave consent to analytical cookies, T&Cs and email marketing. Necessary cookies are also used for payment processing. It's not necessary to accept nor possible to reject the use of necessary cookies as they are core for the functionality of our website. Here are the necessary cookies we use, what we use them for, the specific cookies providers and each cookie’s duration: The cookies from cookieyes-consent help with ensuring that you are given the option to accept or reject cookies, block non-necessary cookies from working until you give consent and remember your cookie settings and choices. The cookies also help with keeping track of if and when you gave consent to analytical cookies, our privacy policy, T&Cs and email marketing. Vimeo Vimeo is an online video-sharing platform. Name: vuid Expiry: 730 days Domain: .vimeo.com Type: Cookie Cloudflare Keeps the user identified properly across Cloudflare instances, speed up page load times and helps improve security of the website. Name: __cf_bm Expiry: 0 days Domain: .codepen.io Type: Cookie Adobe Adobe creates digital marketing software Name: AMCV_9E1005A551ED61CA0A490D45 @AdobeOrg Expiry: 730 days Domain: .adobe.com Type: Cookie Name: AMCVS_9E1005A551ED61CA0A490D45 @AdobeOrg Expiry: Session cookie Domain: .adobe.com Type: Cookie Name: com.adobe.alloy.getTld Expiry: Session cookie Domain: .adobe.com Type: Cookie Name: demdex Expiry: 180 days Domain: .demdex.net Type: Cookie Name: sat_domain Expiry: 0 days Domain: .documentcloud.adobe.com Type: Cookie Name: s_nr Expiry: 365 days Domain: .documentcloud.adobe.com Type: Cookie Name: test Expiry: Session cookie Domain: .adobe.com Type: Cookie Name: TEST_AMCV_COOKIE Expiry: 730 days Domain: .adobe.com Type: Cookie Functional Typeform Typeform creates forms and surveys that integrate with websites. Name: attribution_user_id Expiry: 365 days Domain: .typeform.com Type: Cookie Name: __tld__ Expiry: Session cookie Domain: .typeform.com Type: Cookie Analytical cookies Google specializes in Internet-related services and products, which include online advertising technologies, a search engine, cloud computing, software, and hardware. We will only set analytical cookies on your device if you give us your consent. Here are the analytical cookies we use, what we use them for, the specific cookie providers and each cookie’s duration: Google Analytics Adobe creates digital marketing software Name: _ga Expiry: 730 days Domain: .resbite.app Type: Cookie Name: _ga_P3WMWG53VS Expiry: 730 days Domain: .resbite.app Type: Cookie How you can change your cookie settings, incl. opting out As part of our cookie solution, we always ask for your consent to cookies, except for necessary cookies, before placing cookies on your device. We also always give you the option to change your consent. If you at one point gave consent to non-necessary cookies on our website, you can always change which cookies you will give consent to. Just look for the shield or the cookie settings link on our website. If you click the shield or the cookie settings link, your cookie settings will appear, allowing you to always change your settings and reject cookies. It's also possible to instruct your browser to refuse cookies from our website. Most browsers are configured to accept cookies by default, but you can update these settings to either refuse cookies altogether, or to notify you when a website is trying to set or update a cookie. If you use multiple browsers and wish to block cookies or change or withdraw your consent, remember to do this in all browsers. If you browse websites from multiple devices, you may also need to update your settings on each individual device. Although some cookies can be blocked with little impact on your experience of a website, blocking all cookies may mean you are unable to access certain features and content on the site. Who are we and how can you contact us? Here is our company information: Resbite Ltd 86-90 Paul Street London EC2A 4NE United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland Company registration number: 12450334 You can always write to us at: hello@resbite.com or call us at +(0)20 3189 1389 This policy is effective from 2023-09-07 17:45:34 +0000 hello@resbite.com +44 (0)20 3551 1457 site by Creamos ® Head office 86-90 Paul Street London EC2A 4NE UK R&D office Copthall House King Street ST5 1EL UK © Copyright 2020 Resbite is registered UK & EU TM ® Resbite Ltd Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms & conditions site by Creamos ®