A) Onboarding slideshow
A.1 - SPLASH SCREEN
A.2 - SLIDE 1
A.3 - SLIDE 2
 A.4 - SLIDE 3
A.5 - SLIDE 4
US 037

The user can REGISTER on
Resbite using phone number
Appears once the user has gone through all the slides and stays active even if the user goes back to the first slide.
swipe left
Feature 1
Feature 2
Sure you want to quit
this resbite?
Yes, quit resbite
Only the invitees that have accepted the invitation will be notified about this.
You can assign the ownership of this resbite to other person.
No
Trouble signing in?
Log in
Create a new account
Star gazing
Near your work
Fishing Weekend
Featured resbite
Karaoke
30 minutes coffee
Otdoors
Family
Friends
Couple
Adventure
Games
Meals & Drinks
Suggested for you
Walk in the park
see more
Rabia Nuzha
Maria Ruiz
Imogen Adams
Stephen Gray
Noel Gallagher
Add member
Fermin Lira
A Fishing weekend
Imogen Adams                              
Save all invitees in a group
Sure you want to delete
this place?
Yes
You won't see it anymore in the Saved places list while setting up a resbite
Cancel
Sure you can't
make it?
Yes, leave resbite
The rest of the invitees 
will be able to go on with it

Not so safe
Safer
Delete "Uni" group?
Yes, delete group
No one will be
notified about this.
Delete "Gym"?
Yes, delete
Invite
Schedule
Place it
Continue
Finishes
-
Starts
3:13    PM
November the 17th
Monday
John Mahler
Tony Sorensen
+ Invite
Bob Bagheart
Andrea Mendez
Search contact
E-mail a friend link
Add to group
Set a day
Add from phone contacts
Connect
Find who among your phone contacts is on Resbite or invite others to join
or share a friend link
Resbite
Don't worry, we won't automatically send any invitation or message to your contacts. 
Only the ones you pick up will receive an invitation.
MondayApril the 28th
3:13PM
Meeting point:28 Mulberry Court road
Wokingham
ie: "In front of The Courtyard cafe"
Add a note:
Imogen, Rabia + 7 others
Monday, april the 28th
3:13PM
28 Mulberry Court road
Wokingham
Recycle resbite
You canceled  this resbite. 
12
Find place
Set by address
Meeting point (address or place)
Saved
Work
Canary Wharf
Home
Recent
address
find
Vauxhall Joe's bar
Tottenham Court Station
Enter city
Where is your work location?
Skip for now
Boost your experience 
By granting access to your location you will enjoy better resbites suggestions and you'll find friends near you.
Any suggestion before meeting your companions for this resbite?
Share it with the group
In front of The Courtyard cafe
Note:
S) Attendance limit
Done! send invitations
28 Mulberry Court road
Wokingham
RG2 7YS
Attendance limit: 4
Ony the first 4 invitees to confirm attendance will have a place at this resbite.
K.12 - RESBITE SET-UP  - OVERVIEW
Fixed block
Both the Attendance quota limit and the "Continue" buttonstay fixed while the user scrolls through the invitees list.
Attendance limit
The attendance limit should be at least 1/3 of the total number of invitees.
The “attendance limit” checkbox appears as disabled until the user starts selecting invitees. 

Only once the when the user selects the checkbox the input field is displayed through a toggle animation.

This limit should be at least 1/3 of the total number of invitees, so that the waiting list is never more than double of the attendance limit.

The number set by default is 1/3 of the total number of invitees. And the value can be increased or decreased by using the “+” or “-“ buttons, or typing another value with the numeric keyboard as well. The keyboard is however not displayed until the user has tapped on the input field.
Limit warning
It only appears in case the user has set an attendance quota limit.
Maria is inviting you to Costume Party resbite. There are only 4 places available.
22 mins
4 new connection requests 
Thomas Perthson + 3 others
I’m out
I'm in
"In front of The Courtyard cafe"
MY RESBITES
PROFILE
I won't be attending
Maria Ruiz is inviting you
G.5 - INVITING TO RESBITE
OVERVIEW (INVITEE VIEW)
G.7 - UPCOMING RESBITE
(INVITEE VIEW)
If the resbite admin has set up a attendance quota limit the notification indicates it.
The warning only appears here if the quota limit hasn't been reached yet. If it's been reached it will only appear in the invitees list screen.
The invitation can be dismissed regardless if the attendance limit has been reached or not.
The user will be notified about released places only if this switch is ON. This notification won't be triggered again if a second pace is released. As long as there is a free space available there is no need to send new notifications.
A place has been released at 
the Fishing Weekend resbite
H. - ATTENDANCE LIMIT
(Notification)
Sorry, you can no longer attend to this resbite.
The attendance limit set by Maria has been reached. Only the first 4 invitees who confirmed attendance got a place at this resbite.
Put me
on the waiting list
If any of the lucky ones cancels, you'll be notified that a place has ben released.

G.14 - RESBITE VERVIEW W/ ATTENDANCE QUOTALIMIT REACHED
(invitee view)
1) Setting up the resbite
3) Before the resbite (admin view)
2) Receiving an invitation
cancel resbite
Note:
"Resend invitations" button appears only if there is a modification on the resbite.
Only the resbite admins can see it.
If nothing has changed since the invitees received the last invitation, the button should not appear visible.
H.1 - UPCOMING RESBITE
(resbite admin view)
H.20.2 - MORE THAN 25 INVITEES LIST
(attendance quota limit reached)
H.20.3 - MORE THAN 25 INVITEES LIST
(Waiting list)
Has any invitee already confirmed attendance ?
Has the attendance limit been reached ?
Attendance
Attending                                          4
Waiting list                                       10
Not confirmed yet                           19
A Fishing Weekend
Attendance limit reached
Francis Matzkin
Peter Wells
John McCunningham
Amber Lager
Sophie Lee
Robert Murdoc
Anne McMillan
Martin Garrix
Marlene Pablov
Search group member
If any of the lucky ones cancels, the invitees on the waiting list will be notified that a place has been released.
Prioritize invitees by dragging them up or down in the waiting list
Waiting list:
Quota warning
If the attendance quota is reached the following warning appears:
Attendance limit reached: 4 invitees
Attendance not confirmed yet
No invitee as accepted 
the invitation yet
Rabia Nuzha                          
Imogen Adams            
General screen notes:
- There is no "resend invitations" button.
- Settings cannot be changed
- There is a card that encourages the invitee to use the chat in order to suggest modifications.
Imogen, Rabia + 3 others
4) Before the resbite (admin view)
H.11.1 - UPCOMING RESBITE
(invitee view)
H.11.2 - UPCOMING RESBITE
(invitee view) - invitees
Attendance confirmed
Rabia Nuzha                               admin
You
Imogen Adams                              admin
NOTES:a) The invitee doesn't have the chance to "add all invitees in a group" like the resbite owner has. Neither do the other admins that the resbite owner could have set among the invitees.
Has the attendance limit been reached?
K.1 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  INVITE
Peter Ruiz
Imogen, Rabia + 8 others
Fishing buddies
Household
Search contact or group
Invite to resbite
Invite friends to the activity
Is the “attendance limit” lower than 1/3 of the total number of invitees?
K.1.2 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  INVITE
When the attendance quota
K.1.3 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  INVITE
When the attendance quota
If the value is decreased under 1/3 of the total number of invitees, the number appears in red, and a warning appears above the field.

The “continue” button is disabled, so that the user can’t continue to the next step until this number is valid back again.

The invitees that took part in the resbite that is being repeated should appear pre-selected in here.
S.1 - INVITING TO A RESBITE
Reaching the limit of invitees
Fishing weekend
5 invitees
Invitees limit
reached
Ok
You can increase the attendance limit if you wish to add more invitees to the list.
Reaching the limit
Once an “Attendance limit” has been set, when the number of total invitees reaches 2/3 of the “attendance limit” value, as soon as the user adds one more invitee a warning is triggered.
6
S.1 - INVITEES LISTS
(Limit not reached)
Confirmed                                         5
S.1 - INVITEES LISTS
(Limit + no confirmation)
Let's start with your phone number
By continuing with the process you accept the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Already have an account? Log in
+44
Enter phone number
Send verification code
What's your full name?
First name
Last name
My code is
Verify through a phone call
code sent to: +54 224 564 748
36 Factory LaneIlkeston, DE7 8HQ
Save location
Name of this place
Change the place
How was the
Cooking Veggie event?
How did you feel after it?
relieved from stress
greatful
self-confident
more focused
more relaxed
none of the above
energized
calm
happier
healthier
Comments:
MY RESBITES: UPCOMING RESBITE
(invitee view)
Totten
Totterloo Gardens
Tottenham Court Road
You're doing great! The experience could be better if you go on completing your profile
Connections
Favorite places
GO PREMIUM
invite others
Resbites get better with others
Groups
Maria
VERIFY YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS?
2
10
LAST MONTH
28 apr - 3:13pm
Maria is inviting you
to Chess Game
28 Mulberry Court road
Done
Upcoming
Favs
Where is your home location?
Boost your experience 
By granting access to your location you will enjoy better resbites suggestions
Set work location as well
Resbites are memorable experiences to share with others
Maria Ruiz is inviting you to share resbites. Download Resbite app and check it out.
https://appstore.com/resbite
resbite >
+ Connect
Your phone contacts
Done!
Already using Resbite
Invite to use Resbite
C.3 - INVITE OTHERS TO USE APP
Option 2
Share link via apps
Find who among your phone contacts is on Resbite and invite others to join
Invite friends to join you and reconnect to what matters while getting together.
C.1 - INVITE OTHERS TO USE APP
Option 2
Add through QR code
C) Receiving an invitation to use the app
ALL
Resbiters in your contacts
The invitee receives a notification through SMS
The invited user downloads the app and launches it, and ges through registration process.
WELLNESS
Connection request
+ Approve
Dismiss
When the user has only one connection request the possibility to dismiss the invitation or Add as a friend is shown in the notifications screen.

When there is more than one connection request the notification screen shows this as a single notification: 




Tapping on this notification the user can manage these connection requests in another screen.
pending
USER 1
USER 2
Join Resbite today
Join me on resbite
example: invitation
received in whatsapp
Resbites are memorable experiences to share with others. Click here and add me as a buddy:
Join me on resbite
resbite.app
E-mail
Whatsapp
C.2 - INVITE OTHERS TO USE APP
Option 2
Notes:
Contacts can only be imported from phone contacts, 
not from social networks.
C-1) Connecting through QR code
Notes:
This flow is based in the way that WhatsApp allows to add a contact through QR code.

Connecting through QR code could be a quick way for the user to connect with someone without searching that person in another social media or in the phone contacts.

The QR code could be scanned in person (one of the users scan and the other one provides the code to be scanned) or could be scanned from a picture in the photo gallery. This last option allows users to connect through QR code screenshot sent through other social media.

Disadvantage: this solution could not be so useful to the user until the app has reached a certain amount of users within a demographic segment. In the beginning it is very likely that the user needs to invite friends and family to join the app before connecting, and the invitation to use the app is already sending a connection request at the same time.
The invitee receives a notification in-app and through other media according to the user settings
C.4 - CONNECTION REQUEST NOTIFICATION
C.5 - CONNECTION REQUEST NOTIFICATION
C.6 - CONNECTION REQUEST NOTIFICATION
C.8 - WHATSAPP INVITATION
C.9 - EMAIL  INVITATION
C.9 - SMS  INVITATION
Only one SMS. Depending on the OS the URL in the message would appear as an appendix of the main message like shown in this  iOS Messages screenshot.
Once the user has sent a connection request, the "pending” connection stays there when the user arrives to this screen in the future.
Paul Rosendal
Mary Garth
Danny De Vito
Phillip Featherston
Sumit Radish
Gunter Weber
Connection requests
C10 - SEARCH CONTACT
Before typing
C11 - SEARCH CONTACT
Search results
Mary Poppins
Mary Naggles
Mary Featherstone
Mary Thomason
Mary Bugatti
Mary
The searchbar changes style when being active.
Until the user starts typing the contacts listed remain being the same ones.
the user types a name
C12 - CONNECT 
THROUGH QR CODE
C13 - CONNECT 
THROUGH QR CODE
Connect to others
Scan a Resbite QR code
The newest pictures from the phone photo gallery appear here just in case the user has provided access to the photo gallery before.
NOTES:
The camera is on, ready to scan
Request connection
As soon as the camera scans the QR code, if it belongs to another Resbite user the details name and photo of that user appear on the screen
Access to the photo gallery. If the user hasn't provided permission to access the gallery before it is requested at this stage.
Connection request sent to  Maria 
C14 - CONNECT 
THROUGH QR CODE
This feedback snackbar appears for some seconds on the following screen
Manage my connections
My groups
Saved places
Have children?Add them here so you can include them in your resbites.
J.1 - PROFILE
edit profile
Share QR code
Resbite QRHelp others connect with you by letting them scan this  QR code 
Scan a code
USER 1: scans the code
USER 2: provides the code to be scanned
The contacts are sorted by alphabetical order, A to Z.
User's profile photo
Sort list by the date the connection request was received. The newest appears first on top.
Not a priority if we don’t clasify 
contacts at this stage
Not a priority
Fishing
weekend
Walk through old underground city tunnels
Walking 3 parks
challenge
Walking lady 
museum visit
Walking on ice
Walking around the lake
Tabs
Resbites
Walk
Filters:
2 hours
What's your e-mail address?
Resbite suggestions, advice about staying healthy and Resbite news.
I would like to receive e-mails regarding:
Important account information and 
invitations from another Resbite friends
Enter e-mail
nov 17, mon
nov 18, tue
Walk in
the park
Costume party
Outdoors
Previously completed
Your favorites
Search resbite
F) Choosing a resbite
F.1 - DISCOVER (RESBITES LIST)
Randomizer
Each time this icon is excecuted, the resbites list are populated with different resbites.
When scrolling down, the search+filter bar gets fixed when it reaches the top. It stays fixed on top together with the top bar.

In this way, the search and filters are available always in the screen.
This featured resbite should be editorial based i.e. we could eventually charge money to be listed in this place
Long description
This row should not appear in case the user hasn't completed resbites before
This row should not appear in case the user doesn't have favorites
F.5 - RESBITE DETAIL
F.15 - EXTENDED TAG CLOUD
F.16 - WHATSAPP
Tips :
30 mins
Let's do this
According to others :
Similar resbites :
reduces stress
connects to nature
relieves body tension
example: specific resbite
received in whatsapp
Resbites are memorable experiences to share with others. Check this one out :
F.2 - RANDOMIZE RESBITES
F10 - SEARCH
F11 - SEARCH RESULTS
USER TYPING
F12 - SEARCH RESULTS
RESBITES
F13 - SEARCH RESULTS
FILTERS APPLIED
SEARCH A RESBITE
Note:Search results are shown not only with text, but with an image as well. This can also be seen in apps like YouTube.
Limit suggestions to less than 10 list items
In the input search field, add autocomplete as the top suggested item.
Assist with typos.


Note:Provide users with an option to clear their search results in the search bar and equip them to remove their previous searches.
"Recently searched" content disappears only when the user has started typing search content.
The cross only appears once the user has started typing on the field and when tapped it clears the text in the field and loads the "recently searched" content on the body of the screen.
Walk  to Tower Bridge
cinema
City tunnels
Search
Recently searched
increases hapinnes
reduces anxiety
reduces insomnia
see less
Note:The "see more" button toggles the content to a complete view.
The keyboard is displayed as soon as the user gets to this screen regardless if the user tapped on the searchfield or not.
F.4 -  FILTERED RESBITES / FILTERS APPLIED
NOTE:
When a tag is used to filter results, or when a filter is applied, the results listed are not organized by categories anymore.
When the user removes all filters, the screen goes back to the main view of DISCOVER
The search results match the query typed by the user not only with resbite titles, but also with the tags associated with them.

Example: the user searches "outdoor" and the search results show resbites associated with thatt word. The word "outdoor" doesn't necessarily have to be part of the resbite name, but the resbite could have that word as an associated tag in the back-end logic.
Have you got suggestions for new resbites?
If there's an activity you would like to suggest, we'll be glat to read you thoughts on it.
F13.2 - SEARCH RESULTS
NO RESULTS FOUND

Crocket
Ups...
We can't find what you are looking for
Have you got suggestions 
for new resbites?
If there's an activity you would like to suggest, we'll be glat to read you thoughts on it.
SUGGEST RESBITES
F14.1 - SUGGEST RESBITE
Suggest a new resbite
Description
Suggestion description
Send suggestion
Title
Suggestion title
If there's an activity you would like to suggest, we'll be glat to read you thoughts on it.
F14.2 - SUGGEST RESBITE
Suggest a resbite
Discover resbites
Suggestion sent
We’ll contact you if your suggestion becomes available as a new resbite.

Resbite is built on our users’ real experience. Your feedback is important to us.
Thanks!
F3 - RESBITES LIST FILTERS
Filters
30 min
whole day
2 days
2 days +
1 h
2 h
2 h +
1,5 hours
Duration
Sports
Food & Drinks
Arts
Categories
Workmates
Companion
Morning
Night
Before down
Afternoon
Evening
Moment of day

Leisure
See 144 results
reset filters
More tags
Cooking
Spring
The user selects and applies filters (screen F3)
The button is enabled only once the user has types a title and a description.
The search flow should include these stats:
Default State
Hover — Search bar lights up
Click for Zero State — Dropdown containing recent searches.
Start Typing Query — Dropdown containing autosuggestions.
Hover on autosuggestions — Contextual Actions may be shown.
Activities are a priority 
Favorites are not
a priority
Maybe these are too many
Filters for an MVP
maybe it's too much
having similar resbite
Should hosted resbites
Be part of the MVP?
U) Doing good to others
Stress Relief
Improves Memory
Increase Concentration
Creative Growth
Optimistic Attitude
Emotional Growth
Helping others can boost your inner energy and make you feel better.
Resbites for doing good
Give some help
With these resbites

Helping others can boost your inner energy and make you feel better.
Benefits of the resbites you’ve done:
In total
This month
T.1 WELLNESS
T.2 WELLNESS
resbites
OPTION B
Salvation Army donation
Donations: Collecting school supplies
Covid-19: 
helping those in self-isolation to get some food
Visiting orphan kids
K) Setting up a resbite
Multi day 
Range date-picker:a) https://material.io/components/date-pickers#specs
See "mobile range picker" there

b) https://v4-0-0-alpha-12.material-ui-pickers.dev/demo/daterangepicker
The user can scroll down to see upcoming months, or up to see previous months.
All fields are mandatory in this screen  in order to continue
When the "multi-day" checkbox is selected, the user needs to choose both start and finish days before the "continue" button is enabled.For single-day setting, choosing a day is enough to have the "continue" button enabled."
Progress tracker icons link to the corresponding step once that step has been completed.
ie: on this "Schedule" step the invite icon would link to the invite step, but the "place it" icon won't link to it's corresponding step.
US 

As a user I can receive the
invitation to do a resbite
Did the user choose
a date range or a single date?
Date range
Single date
Monday  -  Wednesday
17 Nov  -  26 Nov
3:13PM
11:13am
Multi-day date overview:
K.8 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  INVITE  (no connections and no access to phone contacts yet)
Inviting when the user has no connections
Note that there is no  "continue" button here
Connect to others so you can start enjoying resbites.
K.4 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  SCHEDULE
K.5 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  SCHEDULE(Multi day)
Cancel setting up this resbite?
Yes, cancel
The settings you've done for it so far will be lost.
No, keep it
Start and end time to your activity
K.6 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  SCHEDULE
(Single day)
K.2 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  INVITEES
K.3 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  INVITEES
Vicky Rogers
While scrolling down the contacts list, the button block on the bottom could hide sliding down, and the top bar hide on top so that the user can concentrate on the list better. 

When the user stops scrolling those blocks could slide into the screen again.
This indication appears only if the user hasn't started and completed setting up a resbite before.
Groups appear listed in the first place
A child can be invited without the parent being necessarily invited as well.
Mark is inviting Peter to the Fishing Weekend resbite
If a connection has been selected inside a group (screen k.2), it appears selected in here as well.
As soon as the user starts selecting invitees, the number appears in here.
If the user has previously provided permission to access phone contacts, those who are still not Resbite friends appear without a profile picture, after those who are connections.
Fixed block
Both the Attendance limit and the "Continue" button stay fixed while the user scrolls through the invitees list.
Group details screen
Invite all
Invite 3
All invitees are selected by default
Once the user starts de-selecting connectios from the group the text in the button appears
Quota warning
It only appears in case the user has set an attendance quota limit.
Group members appear sorted by alphabetical order, from A to Z.
The user sets the place where the resbite will take place.(See wireflow K-1).
1 invitee
Sort order:
a) Firstly, the contacts appear sorted first by group (first the ones already using the app and then the ones not using the app).
b) Inside the group of  the contacts using the app, the ones  already connected to the user appear first.
c) Among those that are already connected to the user (connections), the order puts first the children the user could have added on a sub-account, then the groups, and then the individual connections.
d) Then, the sort order that applies to the list inside each of those mentioned groups is by alphabetical order, from A to Z.
Parent receiving notification that the child is being invited to a resbite
Maybe Invitees
don't need to create an account 
and they can just enter their name as guests
Set as admin
Remove from resbite
Resend invitation
Meet your guide fo this resbite: Summit Rhadish
resbite name
see stats
Eton Ballroom
Mon, 18 Apr
3PM
Tue, 19 Apr
3 PM
walking
walking outdoors
walking afternoon
Tags
23         24        25        26
17         18         19        20         21        22    
Nov 17
Contact us
Topic 2
Topic 4
Topic 1
Topic 3
Help
FAQ
Support
G) Inviting to do a resbite
Material UI component: Bottom Sheet
https://material.io/components/sheets-bottom#usage
INVITATION
TO RESBITE IS SENT
has the invitee set a preference to receive invitations through SMS?
has the invitee set a preference to receive invitations through e-mail?
Is the invitee a resbite user?
The invitee receives a notification through e-mail
The invitee receives an app notification
Resbite owner 
is notified
The invitee can see the chat only once the invitation is accepted
Maria Ruiz is inviting you to the following event: [event name] on [date]. RSVP by installing the Resbite app at :
Maria Ruiz is inviting you to the following event: [event name] on [date]. RSVP with this link :
link.resbite
Maria is inviting you to Fishing Weekend resbite.
4 h
1 d
3 d
6 d
2 w
Rabia is inviting you to the Board Games Night resbite.
Check it out.
Rabia has changed the meeting point for Coffee Break
Stephen has accepted your invitation for Camping
16 new messages on the Camping chat
Lucas has removed you from the Playing Chess event
Maria is inviting you to this activity.
Check it out.
Join me on this resbite
I'm out
RSVP
US 241

As a guest that has acepted an invitation to do a resbite, I can be notified that the resbite owner has removed me from the resbite
How was the Cooking Veggie event?
3 w
Shall we add a message?
Would love to but can't that day
Not my type of thing, but let's do something else soon
Would love to but I won't be able 
to be nearby that day
Write a note
close
Lucas Proust + 3 others apology for not being able to attend to the Fishing Weekend resbite
Fermin Lira + 3 others accepted your invitation for the Fishing Weekend resbite
G.9 - ACCEPTED + DECLINED INVITATION NOTIFICATIONS
(resbite owner view)
G.4 - INVITING TO RESBITE
NOTIFICATION
G.1 - INVITING TO RESBITE SMS
(no resbite user)
G.2 - INVITING TO RESBITE SMS
(resbite user)
G.3 - INVITING TO RESBITE EMAIL
G.6 - DECLINING INVITATION
(INVITEE VIEW)
G.8 - UPCOMING RESBITE
DECLINING INVITATION
not now
I'm in with Peter
G.11 - INVITING TO RESBITE
OVERVIEW (INVITEE VIEW)
Parent + child
Maria Ruiz is inviting you and Peter
This is a note that the resbite admin previously  added on the "notes" field
Name of the child invited together with the parent.
Inviting parent and child
Mark is inviting Peter and you to the Fishing Weekend resbite
Peter won't be attending
G.12 - UPCOMING RESBITE
(INVITEE VIEW)
G.13 - UPCOMING RESBITE
invitee apology
Done, neither you or Peter will keep on appearing as invitees
The resbite admin will be notified that Peter won't be attending
Confirmation snackbar
It appears on the following screen.Snackbars are the Material design component used along the app to provide feedback to the user after taking certain actions.
material.io/components/snackbars
G.10 - INVITING TO RESBITE
NOTIFICATION
Parent + child
Sorry, I was just asked to be at a work meeting at that time and can't attend today.
Apologies, I'm having a last minute issue, but let's do something else soon
Sorry, I am not feeling well today and 
I'm afraid I am not able to attend
Maria Ruiz is inviting you to the following event: [event name] on [date].
now
RESBITE
Child account not part of MTV
You quitted this resbite
Shall we transfer the ownership of this resbite to someone else?
Yes, transfer ownership
No, and cancel the resbite
johndoe@aol.com
Phone number
44 234 222 394
Settings
Account
Verify your e-mail to protect your account
Dark mode
Notifications
Privacy
Privacy policy
and Terms of Service
Delete account
Sign Out
v3.11.2
Rate us in App Store
Sure you want to delete the "Fishing buddies" group?
Delete  group
17 Nov  -  26 Nov
Monday  -  Wednesday
E) Account recovery
Account recovery
We'll send you a verification code so that you can quickly recover your account
We've already sent a verification code 
to example@example.com. 
Try with a different email address?
Send link
button should be disabled by default, and enabled once the user has entered a valid value in the input.
The user receives an e-mail with a text that says "Log in to your account" and provides a LOG-IN button and an alternative link to copy and paste on browser.
Rabia's suggestion:
we could have a checkbox in here.
As soon as the verification code is recognized as a valid one, the user is taken to the next step
 B.1  -  REGISTRATION, LOG-IN
OR RECOVERY DISTRIBUTOR
 E.1  -  ACCOUNT RECOVERY EMAIL
 E.2  -  ACCOUNT RECOVERY CONFIRMATION
 E.3  -  ACCOUNT RECOVERY PHONE NUMBER VERIFICATION
A countdown of some seconds is shown. When the countdown is finished the button "send a new code" is enabled.
available in 30 seconds
send a new code
My e-mail verification code is :
Email validation
Verification code validation
Is there a Resbite account associated to this email address?
example@example.com
We couldn't find a Resbite account associated to this email address. 
Could you try with a different one?
D
L
4
E
The verification code is not valid. Retype it or have a new code sent.
Tinder example
Invite group
E-mail me invitations from another resbiteers
Turn phone notifications off during this resbite
Send me invitations from other resbiteers through SMS
Remind me before an upcoming resbite starts
Notify me when resbiteers  decline my invitations
App notifications 
Invitations
We'll send you a link so that you can quickly recover your account
Sure you want to cancel
this resbite?
Yes, cancel resbite
Remove from group
Block Martin Garrix
Maria is inviting you to this Costumes Party
Rabia is inviting you to Star Gazing
Rabia has changed the meeting point for Camping
16 new messages on the Camping resbite
Lucas has removed you from the Fishing Weekend event
Why a photo of my face?
Uni
Add  a group
Tagged as "walking outdoors"
INTERACTIVE DATA
Interactions
Socializing resbites time
jan
feb
mar
jun
jul
1h
0h
2h
Fishing weekend
2 days
Coffe together
2 hours
The chart displays more detailed data about the month or week tapped by the user.
Natural
Creative
Stephen
Child1
Child2
Lucas Proust apologies for not being able to attend: "Would love to but can't that day"
Charly Fourbolough apologies for not being able to attend: "Would love to but can't that day"
Imogen Adams apologies for not being able to attend: "Would love to but can't that day"
Dismiss as admin
mon, nov 17
wed, nov 26
How did you feel after this? 
Providing feedback helps us
tailor your experience.
or search near somewhere else
nearby fishing spots
K-1 .8 - PLACE IT
Several search results
Choose the location of your activity
Search a place or address
Pret a manger
255 Ruby road, Wokingham, 
RT3 2LY
Choose this one
Pret a Manger
432 Manniload LaneHuddersfield, 
OD5 L7Y
Pret a manger
Marvin's office
View List
Has the user provided access to location before?
Navigating
Across the map
Notes : 
The extended map view is displayed, showing the chosen place.
Favorites within this area are also marked in the map.
36 Factory LaneHuddersfield, HD3 4LY
Gym
Bookfields bookshop, Nottingham
Wallmart, Lexington
Kempisky Stadium, Reading
search
Notes : 
Until the user starts typing on the search field, recent and Saved locations are shown as suggestions.
Notes : 
Back in the expanded list view after searching: a) As long as the user has provided access to current location, the “Near” category is added to the list, showing the search results that are located nearby.
Totte
Tottenham Stadium
Tottenham Stadium parking
"Totte"
K-1 .5 - PLACE IT - EXTENDED MAP VIEW
search initial screen
Autocomplete suggestions
As soon as the user starts typing the "recent" list disappears and a list of autocomplete search suggestions is shown.
Two different ways to trigger the Search with the query typed in the searchfield. (reference: Foursquare)
X
This sign appears on the search field, it allows the typed text to be deleted all at once.
The hidden list appears available again so that the user can display it again and recover easily from this no-results issue
show me suggestions here
Save
In case the chosen place is an address with no title like a bar, square or supermarket; this modal appears offering the user the chance to name the place.

Naming the place is , however, not a required action in order to have it added to saved places.
36 Factory Lane
36 Factory LaneWidnes, WA8 9FW
Marker
The marker does not show any title when the place is an address
Are there search results
for this query?
K-1 .6 - PLACE IT - EXTENDED MAP VIEW
autocomplete suggestions
K-1 .7 - PLACE IT - EXTENDED MAP VIEW
autocomplete suggestions
K-1 .10 - PLACE IT - SEARCH
address search result in map
K-1) Setting up a resbite - Place it (expanded flow)
K-1 .8 - PLACE IT - EXTENDED MAP VIEW
place search result in map
K-1 .9 - PLACE IT - SEARCH
no results found
Search address
Several search results
The user can search both an address (street name with number, postcode, etc.) or a place (ie: "Swindon market, Reading")
Save place
The place is added to Saved places by tapping on the star icon.
Pret a manger, Wokingham
K-1 .7.2 - PLACE IT
Search with no autocomplete suggestions
Every search result is shown as a card.
As the user slides to the side, the selection is passed from one item to the following one.
Markers 
            Saved places

            Location pin, used for 
            any other place that is 
            not fav or suggested.
Notes : 
The new search results are shown and the “show me results here” button disappears until the user moves to another area.
Pret a manger express
Pret a manger express
5 Mollywalk, 
Wokingham, 
9OP 1KO
Current position button 
Is revealed when switching to the Expanded map view.

In case the user has denied permission to access the current location before, a dialog modal is shown indicating the user that permission must be provided in order to use this feature.
We need help to find where you are
Go to settings
Allow Resbite access your location from the Settings of your phone
Favorite places are pre-populated in the map and are visible without needing to trigger a search.
Location permission
The permission request OS dialog appears on the extended map view screen.

If the user rejects permission the map can still be used to search, but there won’t be a way of showing user’s current position.
location
Search results are more relevant to you if you get location powered.
show me results here
Pret a manger
255 Ruby road, Wokingham, 
NM1 22O
K-1 .3 - PLACE IT - EXTENDED MAP VIEW
moving to another map area
Whenever the user has moved to a new area on the map, this button appears and a new search for the already typed query can be triggered for this area.
Notes : 
The map view is displayed, showing the search results.
Favorites within this area are also marked in the map.
Best result
Despite having several search results, one of them is selected. 
It appears with a different style (both in the marker over the map and on the card)
The user might be searching terms that might surely result in several points in the map. Some examples can be:
- “tea house”
- “pub”
- “park”
Ups…
We can’t find what you are looking for.
You could try searching 
something more general
Is the user typing something that could be compatible with an address? (ie: steet name or postal code).

Then the autocomplete suggestions could be relevant to that address.
Near
Collapsed menu
These menu categories appear collapsed when the user displays the bottom sheet.
Back to the map view

The user can drag down the bottom sheet that contains the list elements and expands the map. The bottom sheet slides down to the bottom of the screen till it is hidden completely.

The switch is performed like a screen transformation, not like a transition from one screen to another one. Google, City Mapper and iOS Maps apps use this patter of interaction to switch from a map to a list view and vice-versa.

Material UI component: Bottom Sheet
https://material.io/components/sheets-bottom#usage
Tap on the map
iPhone 11 screen edge
Coffee together
<    THIS WEEK    >
3 resbites
Want to keep connecting to nature?
Have a look at these resbites:
Want to keep getting creative?
Have a look at these resbites:
T) Wellness
T.2.1 WELLNESS
Creative category
T.2.2 WELLNESS
Creative category
T.2.3 WELLNESS
Category > changing user
50%
12%
20%
23%
of your resbites time hold this benefit
of your resbites time connects to nature
of your connections’ resbites time hold this benefit
of your connections’ resbites time connects to nature
of your done resbites 
are spent with your household
Data leads to a clear action in case the user is interested in this benefit

Each resbite could have one or two key benefits (ie: Fishing weekend could have ‘’connect to nature’ and ‘socialize’ as key benefits). 

Note that these resbitecards do not hold the benefit icons as they do in the Discover lists.
Household
This information should only appear if the user has Household connections.

We could consider using a graphic that shows the evolution of the resbites done with household over time in cases where the user has been sharing resbites constantly with Household connections for a considerable time.
User
Only if the user has child-accounts created, this select drop down allows him/her switch to view children data.

The button triggers the select options.
Time scale
If the user is not doing more than just 4 resbites a month, the time scale should be a monthly one.
This week
This month
Last month
month/year
Only in case the user has 
a Household created
Connections you usually share resbites with
Version 1
Wellness categories in another  flows
Disregarded version
T.1 WELLNESS
Dashboard
Your time doing resbites
Only the user’s line includes dots that represent the resbites done.
3h
Categories
Creative
Intelectual
Mindful
Natural
Physical
Community
Uplifting

Note: ‘Socializing’ is very important for wellness, but since this is a social network, socializing becomes a variable that is present in all wellness categories.
All categories will hold data related to socializing.
Examples of key benefits for different resbites
Fishing weekend: Natural and mindful
Reading a book: Intelectual and mindful
Wine tasting: Intelectual
Camping: Natural
Painting: Intelectual, mindful
Ice-skating: Physical
Building a snowman: creative
Star Gazing: Natural

Natural
Physical
Community

Resbites with no category, could be ‘Have fun’?
Coffee together, out with bykes, going to cinema/theatre, BBQ, Karaoke Time 
User’s goals
- Improve different wellness areas
- See who can help him/her to develop specific areas (seeing who is doing resbites the most with).
- 
Mindful  15% - 12 hours
Intelectual  5% - 2 hour
Uplifting  1% - 1 hour
Creative  50% - 40 hours
Natural 12% - 3 hours
Community 2% - 1,5 hours
Physical  20% - 22 hours
Wellness
Your time on resbites
Top connections
Privacy note
Only you can see this data.
Top places
West-door Station, Cardiff
8 resbites
Birdsfield park, Bristol
1 resbites
Courtyard cafe, Wokingham
See all places
Search filters
Physical
Uplifting
Building a snowman
Wine tasting
BBQ
Karaoke time
Ice
skating
Get out with bikes
Painting
Intelectual
Camping
Have you got suggestions for
new resbites?

If there’s an activity you would liketo suggest, we’ll be glat to read your thoughts on it.
Discover
1h - 2h
Wellness categories
 + duration
Key benefit
Your time connecting to nature
Your time releasing stress
resbite users (average)
Everyone
Community
Mindful
Day time
Work mates
RESET
SEE 144 results
Key benefit
Each resbite has one or two key benefits 
Wellness filters

Disadvantages

This version was disregarded because:
- there are too many icons and having all of the available like that at the same time may not be something super important for the user if he/she is only interested in checking a specific category.

The user can always go back to the previous screen and select another category from the Wellness Dashboard.

As a plus, the screen already has another icons (main menu in the bottom).
Child 1
Child 2
Paint an image or an abstract design using different painting techniques, tools and canvases. 
Select a scenery or an object you like as an inspiration, or simply close your eyes and let your intuition guide your brush.
LET’S DO THIS
Tips:
Search painting styles for inspiration
Have fun mixing different colours
Don't forget to bring paint, brushes and a canvas
Be ready to unleash your creativity
30 m
Similar resbites
Enjoy painting with friends and family. This artistic resbite will free your imagination and increase your creativity.
Activity details
READ more
Benefits according to others:
My resbites
Try a new restaurant with friends
Try A New Restaurant With Friends
Address
Set place by address
Have children under-16?Add them here so you can include them in your resbites.
J) Profile
Your conections
Search connection
      Home
36 Factory LaneWidnes, WA8 9FW
      Work
16 Redhill road, QQ3 9LL
Marvin's office
44 Mulberry Court, ER2 7YU
Gym
36 Guinness Factory, PE8 9FW
Disconnect
The disconnect button slides into the screen from right to left as the user swipes into that direction.

If the user is performing a long swipe, reaching the left edge of the screen, then the "disconnect" function would be submitted, and the confirmation dialog box above appears (distructive actions requiere confirmation from the user usually).

When the user arrives to a list screen like this one for the 1st time, display an animation that shows these hidden gestures for a second in one of the rows, like Payoneer app does in its notifications screen.
Disconnect from Maria?
Yes, disconnect
You will need to send a connection request when you want to connect with her again
The "disconnect and block" button slides into the screen from left to right as the user swipes into that direction.

If the user is performing a long swipe, reaching the right  edge of the screen, then the "disconnect and block" function would be submitted, and the confirmation dialog box above appears (usually destructive actions requiere confirmation from the user).
Disconnect
and block
Disconnect and block Maria?
Maria won’t be able to send you invitations. Also, if by chance she is invited to a resbite you are attending to, we’ll let you know about that,

You will need to send a connection request when you want to connect with her again.
Edit
Disconnect and block
Managing connections
44 Mulberry Court, ER2 7YU
Set new location for this place
Change to current location
Marvin's new office
Search place
My under-16 children
Nina Ruiz
My children
Children
Child-account
What's the date of birth?
DD
MM
YYYY
Trasfer resbites history
What's the full name?
Transfer Nina's data
to her new account
J.31  -  MY CHILDREN
CHILD GOT 16 YEARS OLD
J.32  -  MY CHILDREN
CHILD GOT 16 YEARS OLD
J.33  -  MY CHILDREN
CHILD  GOT 16 YEARS OLD
J.34  -  MY CHILDREN
CHILD  GOT 16 YEARS OLD
J.35  -  MY CHILDREN
CHILD GOT 16 YEARS OLD
J.29  -  CREATE Child-account
J.27  -  Create child-account
J.28  -  Create child-account
J.27.1  -  Create child-account
J.25  - Create child-account
(no children added yet)
J.30  - Create child-account
(children account created already)
Delete child-account
User's children always appear first in the different lists of connections in the app. The visual style should differenciate it from the connections.
This card changes depending if the user has already added children here.
Your connections will be able to invite your under-16 child together with you (and only with you at the same time) while setting up a resbite.

You can change this in the Privacy Settings
Nina is over 16 years old and can have her own Resbite account now.

Send her the Done resbites history so she can use them in her own account when she creates it.
The e-mail address or phone number should be the one used by Nina to create her Resbite account.
Add a child
J.26  -  Create child-account
NOTE:
In the future we might add the possibility to create sub-accounts for elderly people.
has any of the children in these subaccounts become 16 years old already
Nina Ruiz can now 
have her own account
You can transfer her Done resbites history to her new account when she creates it
Add another child
Once the 1st child has been added, the "add another child" button appears here.
Nina's phone number
Nina's e-mail address
+44 0 234 111345
email
Note:When the input field is active, the label behaves in accordance to Material Design suggestions:material.io/components/text-fields#anatomy
Is the transference done through email or phone number?
Since you are over 16years old now you can create your own Resbite account. Maria Ruiz has transferred your resbites history. Your account should be  created under this phone number.
Since you are over 16years old now you can create your own Resbite account. Maria Ruiz has transferred your resbites history. 

Your account should be  created under this email addres.
Join resbite at its full
Join Resbite
phone number
You've created Peter Ruiz's sub-account
A connection request is sent together with the transference.
Yes, that's right
Your child is
12
years old
Delete
The delete button slides into the screen from right to left as the user swipes into that direction.

The Home and Work items can't be deleted from the list. Those can only be edited.
New name
The OS keyboard slides-in as soon as the user types on the place's name to edit it
Any modification on the place makes the "Save" button appear
Any edits done are
not saved
DE7 8HQ
set new location
Updated address
The visual style highlights the address to show it is an updated information that is ready to be saved.
Suggestions
As soon as the user starts typing the "recent" list disappears and a list of autocomplete search suggestions is shown.
J.8 - SAVED PLACES
J.9 - EDIT SAVED PLACE
J.10 - DELETE SAVED PLACE
J.12 - MANAGE SAVED PLACE
J.13 - VIEW SAVED PLACE IN MAP
J.14 - EDIT SAVED PLACE NAME
J.15 - EDIT SAVED PLACE NAME
J.16 - EDIT SAVED PLACE LOCATION
J.17 - EDIT SAVED PLACE LOCATION
J.18 - SAVED PLACE
UPDATED LOCATION
J.11 - DELETE SAVED PLACE CONFIRMATION
J.19 - MANAGING CONNECTIONS
LIST
J.20 - DISCONNECT FROM A CONNECTION (swiping)
J.21 - DISCONNECT FROM A CONNECTION AND BLOCK- CONFIRMATION
J.22 - MANAGING CONNECTIONS
Manage a connection
J.23 - DISCONNECT FROM A CONNECTION
(swiping)
J.24 - DISCONNECT FROM A CONNECTION
(confirmation)
Use "Cancel" in stead of "NO"
Having in mind that many users don't read modal windows, or these Yes/No questions is better to use "Cancel" in stead of "No". 
That way, the user doesn't have to read all the text in this modal pop-up dialog if he/she doesn't want to and can go straight to "cancel". Cancelling is perceived as a safer option on its own.
Edit profile
J.36 - EDIT PROFILE
J.37 - EDIT PROFILE PHOTO
J.38 - EDIT PROFILE NAME
Gray
29
04
1979
Date of birth:
Is disabled until the user has done anmodification
The user needs to delete the name typing in order to modify it.
Choose from gallery
Change profile picture
Take a picture
Microinteraction:
The connection disappears from the list through an animation

It's better to indicate the name of the place in stead of asking this in the less precise way "Delete this place?".
NOTE:
The transference of the child-account data can be triggered as many times as the user wants.
A notification about this is triggered
Profile has been updated
J.36.2 - UPDATED PROFILE
Upps, sorry, no results for your search
Rating app request
R.1) Miscellaneous: rate in app
Not Now
Never ask again
Do you like Resbite?
We would greatly appreciate it if you could rate the app on the App Store. Thanks!
Not now
Let's send your rate 
to the App Store
Send feedback
Thanks a lot
for your comments
You can also write a review if you are feeling inspired :)
Write  review
Help us improve
We are a small team and we'd like to know what you think could be improved
Attendance quota limit: 4
Maria is inviting you
Rate request tips: 

Trigger this bottom sheet after few conditions so that the user will be more likely to leave a positive rating and provide more informed feedback :

a) The user must have been using the app for a few weeks. Avoid interrupting users with this when they’ve only recently downloaded it or only used it a few times.

b) Ask for a rating only after the user has demonstrated some engagement. For example, prompt the user upon the completion of a game level or productivity task. Don’t ask for review during the launch and try not to bother users when they’re in the middle of something. Look for logical pauses.

c) Allow at least a week or two between rating requests. Using the latest SDK, "SKStoreReviewController requestReview" limits to 3 times a year. Using older methods, allows to customize the limit.

d) Don't request for a rate again if the user chooses "Never ask again". At east for a long, long time.

Proper Moment To Ask For Review (when users have completed a task and are more likely to be  happy about it) :1) After accepting an invitation, but not until the user has left the screen and navigates somewhere else in the app.

2) After completing a resbite, but only in cases when the feedback request for that specific resbite is not being triggered.

3) After sending invitations to do a resbite.




Sources:

https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/ios/system-capabilities/ratings-and-reviews/

https://developer.apple.com/forums/thread/115193
If the user is not accepting an invitation for a long time, the rate request can be triggered in another case:Just after finishing setting up a resbite and sending invitations.

R1.1 - RATE REQUEST
(INVITEE VIEW)
R1.2 - RATE REQUEST
Good rating - send to store?
R1.4 - RATE REQUEST
(INVITEE VIEW)
R1.3 - RATE REQUEST
Bad rating - send feedback?
Is the rating
good?
Email app opens with a draft email. 
Subject is pre-populated.
Close this bottom sheet and don't request this user for a rating again, at least not for a long long time.
The rate can still be modified in this instance of the rating dialog bottom sheet.
Pease note that the font weight is lighter in comparison to the other two options.
K.12 - RESBITE SET-UP  - OVERVIEW
(resbite owner overview)
D) Log in
D.1  -  LOGIN PHONE
D.2  -  LOGIN PHONE
The country code should be pre-set by geolocation.
USER IS LOGGED IN
US 037

The user can register on RB using phone number
Screen 037.C
is there an account already active for this phone number ?
should be disabled by default, and enabled once the user has entered a valid value in the input.
Select your country code
countries where the app is  available should appear first.
 B.2.2  -  REGISTRATION PHONE 2
Help > FAQs
What do you need help with?
Chats
Connections
and groups
Technical issues
I.6.1 - SETTINGSHELP
I.6.1.2 - SETTINGSHELP
Report an issue 
with a resbite
I.6.4 - SETTINGS > HELP
Help >
Resbites
Recommendations to make the most out of the app
Understanding invitations to do a resbite and invitation confirmations
I have chosen a resbite to do but me and the invitees need to define altogether when to do it. What can I do in this case?
How does Resbite work?
I want to invite someone to a resbite but I can't find this person in my list
Understanding a resbite admins
I.9.1 - SETTINGS > PHONE NUMBER UPDATE
I.9.3 - SETTINGS > EMAIL
 UPDATE
E-mail

I.9.4 - SETTINGS > EMAIL
 UPDATE
I.9.2 - SETTINGS > PHONE NUMBER UPDATE
Help >
Account
Can I associate a new e-mail address with my account?
How can I recover my account
Can I transfer my account to another phone number?
What private information is shown to other resbite users
Report an issue with my account
I.6.2 - SETTINGS > HELP > ACCOUNT
Yes, you can transfer your account with all the data of it using the e-mail address associated to your Resbite account. Launch the app once you have installed a new sim card, then go to "Account recovery" and follow the steps. 
I.6.3 - SETTINGS > HELP
(FAQ displayed)
I) Notifications and settings
Settings > Notifications
Settings > Privacy
Settings > Delete account
Connections can see my
children sub-accounts
My connections
Blocked
4 users
Blocked users
Add
Rabia has changed the meeting point for Board Games Night resbite
I.1 - NOTIFICATIONS
I.2 - NOTIFICATIONSCONNECTION REQUESTS
I.3 - SETTINGS
I.5.1 - SETTINGS
PRIVACY
I.5.2 - BLOCKED USERS
I.5.3 - BLOCKED USERS
(manage a blocked user)
Push notifications
Notify me when resbiteers  decline or accept my invitations
Turn all phone notifications 
off during resbites
Invitations to do a resbite from another connections
Connection requests from another resbite users
Place or date updates on a resbite I'm attending to
Support assistance activity
New resbites available
Notification sounds
Bell
Ding
Hey resbite!
Drum
None
Bongo
E-mail notifications
SMS notifications
Email app opens
Subject is pre-populated with an enquiry number
The user can choose a current connection and block it as well
I.4.2 - SETTINGS >PUSH NOTIFICATIONS
I.4.3 - SETTINGS >
PUSH NOTIFICATIONS SOUNDS
I.4.4 - SETTINGS >EMAIL  NOTIFICATIONS
I.4.5 - SETTINGS >SMS NOTIFICATIONS
I.4.1 - SETTINGSNOTIFICATIONS
Chatbot:In a future version, the user could receive help from a chatbot
Note:The settings shown should be the default ones.
Accordion format
The user taps on a question and the answer is displayed.
Ticketing system
Might need to evetually integrate this with a ticketing system.
Help Contextual illustration
Search help
If the number of FAQs increases a search should be considered.
+44 234 222 394
update
Email address
hello@stephengray.uk
Account deletion is final. There will be no way to restore your account.

If you close your account you'll lose your "Done resbites" list, connections, favorites, saved places, messages and photo collections.
We're sorry to see you go
Delete acount
Could you tell us why you are leaving?
I'm getting too many notifications
I have a privacy concern
I haven't found interesting resbites
I've had a bad experience during a resbite
Your feedback matters. Would you like to tell us something more?
I.7 - SETTINGSDELETE ACCOUNT
I.7.2 - SETTINGSDELETE ACCOUNT
I.7.3 - SETTINGSDELETE ACCOUNT
Research sources:https://uxplanet.org/offboarding-the-way-to-say-goodbye-to-your-users-26bf45b5bf4a
The button is enabled only once the user has chosen a reason for leaving.
Proceed and delete account?
Delete your account
Type DELETE to confirm:
Did you know you can choose which emails you receive from Resbite and how often? Visit your Notifications settings to control what you are getting.
NOTE:Additional information is shown when the user selects this option.
I haven’t found interesting resbites
I’ve had a bad experience during a resbite
Could tell us more?
We thank you for the time you were part of our Resbite community.

We'll be glad to see you around again in the future in case you want to.
Your acount
has been deleted
Delete my account
Is the cancelling user an important one?(ie: the user has been an active user for many years, it's a premium-account user or has made a lot of connections).
The user that left receives an email of the CEO 
Obviously this doesn’t scale but for important accounts we can log an alert and send a short personalized email.

The ex-user will have a human point-of-reference and be more willing to share feedback. This will help us understand why churn is happening and prevent it in future.

Example from Pigeon app:
Settings > Help
Settings > phone number and email
When the user has previously submitted a support request while reporting an issue and the customer support has answered, this icon shows an exclamation sign.
!
234 222 394
My e-mail verification  code is
send a verification code
We've already sent a verification code to newemail@example.uk exists.
The user needs to overwrite the current email typing the new one.
Unlike what happens in the previous screen, there is a back arrow here in case the user needs to modify the phone number indicated in the previous step.
As soon as the user types a valid verification code the app goes back to the main Settings screen
Your e-mail address has been successfully updated
The confirmation snackbar appears for some seconds on the bottom, over the main Settings screen.
Sign out?
Yes, sign out
It is a good practice to specify the actions in the buttons and avoiding providing plain "Yes/No" answers to the user.
Some users are accustomed to continue asap without reading the main question at the title of these confirmation dialogs; and sometimes they choose based on a fast paced intuition in stead of thinking what is the real decision they are requested to take on these points. 
Unblock
Unblocked Amber.
UNDO
I.5.5 - UNBLOCK USER
Report an issue
Support requests
FAQs
Technical issues FAQs

- Why can't I see a specific resbite I had added to favorites?
- I want to log in but I am not receiving the login code through SMS
Connections and groups FAQs

- What happens when I send a connection request to another person?
- I want to stop receiving unwanted connection requests or invitations from another user
- Child sub-account

Blocking people you don't want to come across
Add notifications as another group of FAQs
E-mails
SMS
Sound
This one can be the branding sound of Resbite.
Pause all notifications
Not a priority

At the moment invitations 
will be done manually by the user
Anywhere
Near work
Saved place 1
Saved place 2
Place
Daytime
Moment
Silence group chat
Search in the conversation
Group administrator
Emoji
Add members
Any children at home?
Add them here and bring the whole family on board with parental control security
Household is a special group, dedicated to those living under the same roof
Sure you want to remove Noel from this event?
We'll need to notify Noel about this.
+ Add
Update your e-mail address, type it again
If an account for example@example.com exists, we've already sent a recovery link.
In case you haven't received the link:
This resbite was cancelled
Enter address
B) Registration
US 165

As a user, I can receive a phonecall in order to verify my phone number
Let's create a
great profile
picture
You are 80% more likely to be added to friend's and family's resbites if you can be easily identified with a clear and up-to-date profile photo of your face. 
Keep the cities being searched within the country indicated on the left only, reducing the overall complexity of the search algorithm
Question for Rabia:What about pre-populating both fields (country and city) with IP geolocation? It might be less accurate, but you don't need user permission for it
The user can reposition the picture to fit the face in the face shape.
US 122

The user can log-in typing access credentials.Step 122.D
US 220

As a user that has changed the phone number, I can recover my Resbite account with my e-mail addressStep 220 .A
US050

As a user that has just got signed-in I want to invite contacts to use Resbite
It would be good to explain to the user why this information is required, indicating what benefits would the user have with this.
ie: "Resbites will be better tailored for you with this information"
US 122

The user can log-in typing access credentials
This text should explain why it is useful for the user to provide this information
Yo are more likely to be invited to resbites if you can be easily identified with a clear photo of your face.
US 122

The user can log-in typing access credentials.Step 122.A
First name        Last name
 B.2.1  -  REGISTRATION PHONE
 B.3  -  REGISTRATION PHONE CODE
 B.5.1  -  REGISTRATION PHONE CODE
 B.4  -  REGISTRATION NAME
 B.5  -  REGISTRATION EMAIL
 B.5.2  -  REGISTRATION PROFILE
 B.5.3  -  REGISTRATION PROFILE 2
 B.5.4  -  REGISTRATION PROFILE 3
 B.5.6  -  REGISTRATION PROFILE 5
 B.5.5  -  REGISTRATION PROFILE CAMERA ROLL
 B.5.7  -  REGISTRATION PROFILE MODAL EXPLANATION
 B.7.1  -  REGISTRATION HOME LOCATION
 B.7.2  -  REGISTRATION HOME LOCATION
Search
REGISTRATION PROCESS COMPLETE
Don't need to show this if this checkbox was already checked in the previous screen.
 B.8  -  REGISTRATION WORK LOCATION
Explain that this is important . smth like "so we can recover the account if you change your phone number in the future."
If an account for example@example.com exists, we've already sent a code.
You will be able to enjoy resbites more relevant to your location
You are
28
years old
 B.9.2  -  DATE OF BIRTH
Is the user younger than 16 years old ?
What's your date of birth?
 B.9.1  -  DATE OF BIRTH
We're sorry but you won't be able to create an account until you are 16 years old.

But hey!... you can always ask your parents to create an adult account for them and add you there as an under age user.
visit our website
See all we have to offer when you're old enough to join our community:
 B.9.3  -  DATE OF BIRTH
B.9 - Reistration process complete
Congratulations!

You've just finished setting everything up and now you are ready to go
The keyboard is displayed as soon as the user arrives to this screen. This applies to all screens that have keyboards in this registration flow.
If it is technically possible, as soon as the user finishes typing the code the system should check if it is valid or not. 
In case it is valid the user should be taken to the next screen with no need to tap on any Continue button. And the continue button should be taken out.
Cancel the registration process?
From this step on (after validating the phone number), during the registration process the cancellation will need a confirmation pop-up.
There is only one input text field for the name, but in the back-end the name typed by the user will be split into two strings: the first word will be used as the name, and the rest of the string as the last name.
B.4.1 - CANCELLATION CONFIRMATION
44 Mulberry Co
44 Mulberry Coastfields, HD6 3YO
44 Mulberry Couttuns, B77 8HQ
44 Mulberry Cotton Yard, WA8 9FW
Home location
Search button triggers the search on the next screen.
Is the address typed found on the database?
44 Mulberry Cottage, ER2 7YU
Add address:There is a problem with the address provided, we have marked our suggestions in red. Please choose the option you want to use.
Suggested address:41 Mulberry Cottage, ER2 7RU
Original address:44 Mulberry Cottage, ER2 7YU
 B.7.3  -  REGISTRATION HOME LOCATION
 B.7.4  -  REGISTRATION HOME LOCATION
44 Mulberry Court, ER2 7YU,
United Kingdom
 B.7.4  -  REGISTRATION HOME LOCATION
(unidentified address)
The address is not shown in a map because it doesn't match any address in the database.
11 Berrychamp
11 Berrychamp, L17 TRY
11 Berrychamp, K27 0RY
11 Berrychamp, K27 22D
11 Berrychamp, L00 44F
Not for MVP
Already in resbite
Amber Lager                                  admin
Confirmed:
Remove Stephen Gray
 from this event?
Yes, remove
We'll need to notify Stephen about this.
H) Before the resbite
Note:
Only the resbite admins can apply modifications.

When the place or date are modified, in-app notifications are triggered for all the invitees.
Emoji
It is possible to change the emoji, but not the title of the chat since it matches the resbite name
Removing an invitee from the list
The removed invitee only receives a notification if he/she confirmed the assistance before.
Search in the chat
Dragging down the screen the search bar appears from behind the top bar.
Note:
The removed invitee only receives a notification if he/she confirmed the assistance before.
Imogen Adams is now a new admin for this resbite
The "send" icon appears only once the user has tapped on the text input field
H.20.2 - INVITEES LISTS
(Confirmed attendance and not confirmed)
H.20.3 - MORE THAN 25 INVITEES LIST
(Invitees that confirmed attendance)
H.20.4 - INVITEES LISTS
(Attendance not confirmed)
H.4 - UPCOMING RESBITE INVITEES
TAPPING ON AN INVITEE
H.5 - UPCOMING RESBITE INVITEES
REMOVING AN INVITEE
H.6 - UPCOMING RESBITE INVITEES
DISMISSING INVITEE AS ADMIN
H.7 - UPCOMING RESBITE
 CHAT
H.8 - UPCOMING RESBITE
 CHAT - TYPING
H.9 - UPCOMING RESBITE
 CHAT - SEARCHFIELD REVEALED
H.16 - SETTING UP A NEW ADMIN BEFORE QUITTING
(resbite owner view)
List of invitees
- Invitees that haven't confirmed attendance or that have already declined the invitation are excluded from here.
-More than one invitee can be set as admin.
- When the user taps on the row of an invitee, the word "admin" appears on the right :
The button is enabled only once the user has selected someone in the list
This button will only appear if at least one of the invitees has confirmed attendance to the event.
Only the invitees that have accepted the invitation will be notified about this.
The resbite 
has been cancelled
You left
the resbite
Set another admin if you wish the rest of the invitees to go on with this resbite
Set new admin and leave
Cancel the resbite for all
or cancel the resbite completely
Cancelling or leaving a resbite
This resbite will continue with the rest of the invitees if you set up a new admin.
Cancel this resbite?
Yes, cancel it
You can go back and choose "I won't be attending" if you want the rest of the invitees to go on with it.
Is there another admin for this resbite?
Maria left the Fishing Weekend resbite and has assigned you as the admin of it
US 256

As a guest I can be notified that I have been turned into a resbite admin.
H.18 - LEAVING A RESBITE
notification
Maria left the Fishing Weekend resbite
US 258

As a resbite guest I can be notified that the admin has left the event
Cancelled resbite:
a) No invitee will be abe to go on with this resbite.
b) Invitees will receive a notification about this. The invitees that haven't confirmed attendance will also stop seeing this invitation on MY RESBITES screen.
c) Invitees that declined the invitation won't receive a notification.
Quitted resbite:
a) Invitees that haven't confirmed attendance won't receive a notification and will stop seeing this invitation on MY RESBITES screen.

b) The new resbite admin can now see the resbite details screen not as an invitee anymore, but as the previous admin could.
DISCOVER
screen
Maria has cancelled the Fishing Weekend resbite
US 259


As a guest of a resbite I can be notified that it has been cancelled
H.12 - CANCELING A RESBITE
confirmation
H.13 - CANCELING A RESBITE
notification
H.14 - CANCELING A RESBITE
feedback screen
H.15 - LEAVING A RESBITE
confirmation
H.16 - LEAVING A RESBITE
confirmation 2
H.17 - LEAVING A RESBITE
notification
H.19 - LEAVING A RESBITE
notification
H.10 - UPCOMING RESBITES TAB
(invitee view)
Invitee view
Invitation:
a) If the resbite has an attendance limit, and if that limit has been reached, all the invitees that haven't accepted the invitation won't see the invitation on this screen anymore.

b) The user won't see this invitation card anymore after dismissing or accepting the invitation.
Confirmed
Not confirmed yet
Maria Ruiz                                      admin
Imogen Adams                      
Amber Lager                             
Audrey Abbot
Attendance not confirmed yet:
Darken the screen behind the overlay component (this applies to bottom sheet, modal, pop-up dialog, etc).

This does two jobs. Firstly it draws attention to the overlay and secondly it lets the user know that the page isn’t currently active. Be careful with that tinting though.

Allow users to tap away to close the bottom sheet.
Admin:
Maria Ruiz            
Avoid using introductory words like "Sure you want to ..."
H.3.3 - MANAGING GROUP MEMBER
Add an emoji to the group name. Only one emoji can be displayed at the same time.
New group
This button is fixed on the bottom of the screen while the user scrolls down the list.
Note:
"Disconnect" and "Disconnect and block" both require a confirmation pop-up dialog in order to be completed.

The bottom sheet hides sliding down.
H.3 - MAKE NEW GROUP
FROM INVITEES LIST
Removed Marlene  from group.
J.7.1 - MANAGE GROUP MEMBER(Undo snackbar)
For snackbars and notifications it will be better to use only the first name of the connection.
Group name
Managing invitees
Chatting
The admin users should be able to see him/her-self added on the list
The admins appear on a separate group when there is no invitee that confirmed attendance (apart from the ones that are admins).

As soon as there are invitees that confirmed attendance the admins appear in the list "Confirmed attendance:"
Admins
Every resbite member who is also an admin should have the crown icon indicating this state.
There can be multiple admins for a single resbite.
H.20 - INVITEE’S LIST
No invitee confirmed attendance
The search field is visible only if the group has more than 10 members
Not a priority to 
Assign other invitees as owners
Is it better to have a title in the header and complete the name in an input field in the body of the screen??
Closed chat
Resbite chats are closed once the resbite is finished.
Choose yours
Photo poll
Vote
per copy
£8
After the photo poll has finished you can pay your copy and have it shipped to you.
J-1) Profile > My groups
When the user starts using the app, "Household" is a group that's already created although it doesn't have contacts added to it.
J.5 - CHANGING GROUP NAME
Removed Sophie from group.
In this case a pop-up confirmation dialog can be avoided (less interruption for the user). This is because this action is neither irreversible, severe nor complex.
It's a better instead to have a snackbar (that's how Material Design calls this component) or "undo toast" appearing for a few seconds at the bottom on the screen, on the view that appears after taking this action.

Sources:
a) uxdesign.cc/are-you-sure-you-want-to-do-this-microcopy-for-confirmation-dialogues-1d94a0f73ac6

b) https://uxdesign.cc/delete-models-in-products-because-sometimes-cats-walk-on-keyboards-6f886b767f6d
J.4 - GROUP MEMBERS
J.6 - DELETE GROUP
J.7 - MANAGE GROUP MEMBER
Delete "Fishing buddies" group?
Household can't be deleted like the other groups.
Your connections won't be able to see who is in your household.
Your connections will be able to invite you and everyone in your household.

You can change this in Privacy settings.
J.2 - MY GROUPS
J.3 - HOUSEHOLD
J.3.1 - HOUSEHOLD W/ CONNECTIONS
Create group
This button is fixed on the bottom of the screen while the user scrolls down the list. It is disabled until the user has selected at least a person and has indicated a group name.
J.39 - NEW GROUP
J.40 - NEW GROUP
Cycling Tribe group has been created.
Group icon
Remove
J.40.1 - NEW GROUP - ICON
It's normally better to have the "Cancel" button on the left.

But when there is not enough horizontal space to have both buttons in line, the button needs to be in the bottom and the size should be smaller than the affirmative one in order to avoid the user accidentally tapping on it.
Add to Household
J.42 - ADD TO GROUP
Has the Household group members previously added?
This block stays fixed on the bottom of the screen while the list on the back is scrollable.
Delete group
J.2.1 - GROUP DELETION
(swiping)
Joss Ruiz
The user chooses an emoji (only one) that will always appear next to the group's name
The "remove" icon appears only in case an icon had already been set for the group before.
J.40.2 - NEW GROUP
(with chosen icon)
When choosing an icon, the user is taken back to the main group screen and the icon appears next to the group icon.
Have children under-16?Add them so you can include them in your resbites.
This card disappears once the user has already added an under-16 child
Wireflow J  >  Screen J.26 
(Create child-account)
Let's verify your
phone number
Remove this resbite
from My Resbites list?
Yes, delete it
L.1 - USER FEEDBACK
L) After the resbite
How did you feel after this? 
Providing feedback helps us 
tailor your experience
Plain, not actionable data
Difference between the Details screen of an upcoming resbite and resbite details screen of a resbite that has already finished is that in here (already done one) the location, invitees and date are not details that resbite owner can change.
Frequency
This feedback shouldn't be asked after every single resbite if the user is setting up resbites frequently. For example, if the user is doing more than a resbite a week this feedback shouldn't appear for every case.
The date of the already done resbite should not appear here as a pre-set setting.

The "Continue" button is disabled until there is a date there.
Rate
This card is only available if the user hasn't provided feedback bfore.
Chat with countdown
For 3 days, starting from the moment the resbite has finished, the chat shows a countdown.
Closed chat
Chats are closed three days after the resbites are finished
L.2 - DONE RESBITE DETAIL
(resbite owner view)
L.10 - DONE RESBITES LIST
Closed chat
Resbite chats are closed 3 days after the resbite is finished.
Repeat resbite
You can leave a message before the Cooking Veggie resbite chat closes in 3 days.
Notification received just after finishing a resbite
The chat will be closed in 3 days
Would you leave some final words?
this chat will be closed in
2 days    14 hours    03 mins
3 days pass by and the resbite chat is closed
L.4 - REPEATING RESBITE
Selecting date
L.6 - DONE RESBITE
Chat closing countdown
L.7- DONE RESBITE
Closed chat
L.8- DONE RESBITE
INVITEES
L.9- CHAT WILL CLOSE
NOTIFICATION
L.5 - REPEATING RESBITE
Selecting place
Notes : 
The map view is displayed, showing the chosen place.
Favorites within this area are also marked in the map.
L.3 - REPEATING RESBITE
Selecting Invitees
3 invitees
Zander Klein
Veronica Bloom
The user sets
 day and time
Resend invitations
CHOOSING A RESBITE
RESBITE DETAIL WITH DATE AND PLACE
MY RESBITES: LISTS
SETTINGS
NOTIFICATIONS
MY RESBITES: Upcoming resbite overview (resbite owner view)
MY RESBITES: UPCOMING RESBITE (invitee view)
Do you want
to sync with iCal ?
Never miss a resbite
Has the user denied permission to sync with iCal or Google Calendar before?
has the invitee set a preference to receive invitations through SMS or e-mail?
If the user has already added a resbite to calendar this checkbox should be already checked.
The same should happen if the user has set all resbites to be saved in calendar from Settings screen.

If the user is on Android we should not include iCal checkbox

If the user chooses YES then request permission to access the calendar through system dialog
Suggested
The invitee receives a notification through e-mail and app notification
The invitee only receives an app notification
Does this resbite have a specific place and time?
To the invitee it appears as sent from resbite owner e-mail address. Would look much more personalized like this.

Groups appear listes in the first place
"Send invitations" should be replaced by "Resend invitations" if the user has previously sent invitations.

There should be a limit for the times a resbite owner can send invitations.
RESBITE DETAIL
DONE RESBITE CHAT
Button becomes active once the user chose at least a friend and at least a resbite.
List of friends invited to this resbite, regardless they accepted the invitation or not.
The tapped row should have an "active mode" style
Reference:https://www.royalmail.com/find-a-postcode
RANDOMIZE RESBITES
Resbite Photobook 
Choose the pics and every one on the resbite receives the printed book.
Receiving an invitation to use the app
Onboarding slideshow
SPLASH SCREEN
Registration
PROFILE PIC
Setting up a resbite
Choosing a resbite
 
Note:Search results are shown not only with text, but with an image as well. This can also be seen in apps like YouTube.
Note:Search results are shown only with text,.This can also be seen in apps like Spotify .
After the resbite
Before the resbite
Want to get to know more places?
Have a look at these resbites:
3%
of your done resbites hold this benefit
Far from home or from work,
visiting new places opens your mind
You’ve discovered
New places this month
of your connections’ done resbites hold this benefit
Travel around

Connections you usually travel with
Your time on resbites that require travelling
402
Miles away is the furthest you’ve travelled  from home to do a resbite.
Royal Mile, Edinburgh
<               >
Connect
to nature
Other possible categories
- Intelectual
- Spiritual Wellness (meditation, charity, practicing a religion with others?)
- Material wellness (putting finances in order, recycling furniture, )
- Helping Others / “Social responsibility” 
- Mindfulness
Relief from stress
Connect to nature
Travel somewhere new
Physical exercise
Key benefit + duration
Open to possibility to sign-up
with Apple or Google account
Seabass spot
DISCOVER
invitation sent
Pending
Or should the user arrive to a HOME screen with more diverse content?
MARIA
In case the previous step is incomplete, the indicator should show that
9:41
Only day and starting time should be mandatory this screen  in order to continue
Skip
US083

As a user, I can see the details of a chosen resbite
Skip this for now
Active Challenge:
In case there's a challenge ongoing a card like this appears in firs place.
A card for every ongoing challenge.
SPLASH
SCREEN
Terms and abbreviations

RB: Resbite
first-run experience: the first interaction that the user has with the app.
US002

The user can login
to the app

splash screen
BALANCE
ACHIEVE
This text could be some text like:1) explaining benefits of making balance.

2) motivating the user to make balance, mentioning what this user is being great at and what could be done to make balance.
Share a friend link
The sender should be clear for the user, like in the following example from "OBC Bank":
Nice to have:
showing some empathy with a sentence under the title saying smth like "Don’t worry, happens to the best of us."
HOVERED
Focused
pressed
dragged
disabled
Enabled
ACTION
Body 2: Lorem ipsum dolor sit 
amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, 
sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt 
ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut 
enim ad minim veniam,
Subtitle 1
Discard draft?
H3
Profile
P2
see LESS
Spa day
H2
Active
Hover
Pressed
Disabled
Dragged
Selected
30 mins +
Whole day
1.5 hours
  Leisure   
Food & drinks