A) Onboarding slideshow
A.1 - SPLASH SCREEN
A.2 - SLIDE 1
A.3 - SLIDE 2
 A.4 - SLIDE 3
A.5 - SLIDE 4
US 037

The user can REGISTER on
Resbite using phone number
Appears once the user has gone through all the slides and stays active even if the user goes back to the first slide.
swipe left
Feature 1
Feature 2
Sure you want to quit
this resbite?
Yes, quit resbite
Only the invitees that have accepted the invitation will be notified about this.
You can assign the ownership of this resbite to other person.
No
Trouble signing in?
Log in
Create a new account
Star gazing
Near your work
Fishing Weekend
Featured resbite
Karaoke
30 minutes coffee
Otdoors
Family
Friends
Couple
Adventure
Games
Meals & Drinks
Suggested for you
Walk in the park
see more
Rabia Nuzha
Maria Ruiz
Imogen Adams
Stephen Gray
Noel Gallagher
Add member
Fermin Lira
A Fishing weekend
Imogen Adams                              
Save all invitees in a group
Invite
Schedule
Place it
Continue
Finishes
-
Starts
3:13    PM
November the 17th
Monday
John Mahler
Tony Sorensen
+ Invite
Bob Bagheart
Andrea Mendez
Search contact
E-mail a friend link
Add to group
Set a day
Add from phone contacts
Connect
Find who among your phone contacts is on Resbite or invite others to join
or share a friend link
Resbite
Don't worry, we won't automatically send any invitation or message to your contacts. 
Only the ones you pick up will receive an invitation.
MondayApril the 28th
3:13PM
Meeting point:28 Mulberry Court road
Wokingham
ie: "In front of The Courtyard cafe"
Add a note:
Imogen, Rabia + 7 others
Monday, april the 28th
3:13PM
28 Mulberry Court road
Wokingham
Recycle resbite
You canceled  this resbite. 
12
Find place
Set by address
B) Registration
US 165

As a user, I can receive a phonecall in order to verify my phone number
ALL
Why a photo of my face?
Let's create a
great profile
picture
Ok
Yo are 80% more likely to be added to friend's and family's resbites if you can be easily identified with a clear and up-to-date profile photo of your face. 
Let's start with your phone number
My code is
What's your e-mail address?
My e-mail verification  code is
Where is your home location?
Where is your work location?
Keep the cities being searched within the country indicated on the left only, reducing the overall complexity of the search algorithm
Question for Rabia:What about pre-populating both fields (country and city) with IP geolocation? It might be less accurate, but you don't need user permission for it
Rabia's suggestion:
we could have a checkbox in here.
By continuing with the process you accept the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Resbite suggestions, advice about staying healthy and Resbite news.
send a verification code
The user can reposition the picture to fit the face in the face shape.
REGISTRATION PROCESS COMPLETE
is there an account already active for this phone number ?
US 122

The user can log-in typing access credentials.Step 122.D
US 220

As a user that has changed the phone number, I can recover my Resbite account with my e-mail addressStep 220 .A
Skip for now
Boost your experience 
By granting access to your location you will enjoy better resbites suggestions
Boost your experience 
By granting access to your location you will enjoy better resbites suggestions and you'll find friends near you.
Select your country code
countries where the app is  available should appear first.
Already have an account? Log in
+44
Enter phone number
Send verification code
Verify through a phone call
code sent to: +54 224 564 748
I would like to receive e-mails regarding:
Important account information and 
invitations from another Resbite friends
Enter e-mail
Enter address
US050

As a user that has just got signed-in I want to invite contacts to use Resbite
It would be good to explain to the user why this information is required, indicating what benefits would the user have with this.
ie: "Resbites will be better tailored for you with this information"
US 122

The user can log-in typing access credentials
This text should explain why it is useful for the user to provide this information
Set work location as well
Yo are more likely to be invited to resbites if you can be easily identified with a clear photo of your face.
US 122

The user can log-in typing access credentials.Step 122.A
What's your full name?
First name
Last name
Don't need to show this if this checkbox was already checked in the previous screen.
 B.1  -  REGISTRATION, LOG-IN
OR RECOVERY DISTRIBUTOR
 B.2.1  -  REGISTRATION PHONE
 B.2.2  -  REGISTRATION PHONE 2
 B.3  -  REGISTRATION PHONE CODE
 B.5.1  -  REGISTRATION PHONE CODE
 B.4  -  REGISTRATION NAME
 B.5  -  REGISTRATION EMAIL
 B.5.2  -  REGISTRATION PROFILE
 B.5.3  -  REGISTRATION PROFILE 2
 B.5.4  -  REGISTRATION PROFILE 3
 B.5.6  -  REGISTRATION PROFILE 5
 B.5.5  -  REGISTRATION PROFILE CAMERA ROLL
 B.5.7  -  REGISTRATION PROFILE MODAL EXPLANATION
 B.7  -  REGISTRATION HOME LOCATION
 B.8  -  REGISTRATION WORK LOCATION
Now e-mail verification is a mandatory step.

Should we change this?

Explain that this is important . smth like "so we can recover the account if you change your phone number in the future."
A countdown of some seconds is shown. When the countdown is finished the button "send a new code" is enabled.
If an account for example@example.com exists, we've already sent a code.
available in 30 seconds
send a new code
You will be able to enjoy resbites more relevant to your location
Yes, that's right
You are
28
years old
 B.9.2  -  DATE OF BIRTH
Is the user less than 16 years old ?
What's your date of birth?
 B.9.1  -  DATE OF BIRTH
DD
MM
YYYY
We're sorry but you won't be able to create an account until you are 16 years old.

But hey!... you can always ask your parents to create an adult account for them and add you there as an under age user.
visit our website
See all we have to offer when you're old enough to join our community:
 B.9.3  -  DATE OF BIRTH
Meeting point (address or place)
Saved
Work
Canary Wharf
Home
Recent
address
find
Vauxhall Joe's bar
Tottenham Court Station
Enter city
Any suggestion before meeting your companions for this resbite?
Share it with the group
In front of The Courtyard cafe
Note:
Imogen Adams                              admin
36 Factory LaneIlkeston, DE7 8HQ
Save location
Name of this place
Change the place
How was the
Cooking Veggie event?
How did you feel after it?
relieved from stress
greatful
self-confident
more focused
more relaxed
none of the above
energized
calm
happier
healthier
Comments:
MY RESBITES: UPCOMING RESBITE
(invitee view)
Totten
Totterloo Gardens
Tottenham Court Road
You're doing great! The experience could be better if you go on completing your profile
Connections
Favorite places
GO PREMIUM
invite others
Resbites get better with others
Groups
Maria
VERIFY YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS?
Imogen, Rabia + 8 others
Fishing buddies
Imogen, Rabia + 3 others
Household
Search contact or group
2
10
LAST MONTH
28 apr - 3:13pm
Maria is inviting you
to Chess Game
28 Mulberry Court road
Done
Upcoming
Favs
Resbites are memorable experiences to share with others
Maria Ruiz is inviting you to share resbites. Download Resbite app and check it out.
https://appstore.com/resbite
resbite >
+ Connect
Your phone contacts
Done!
Already in resbite
Invite to resbite
C.3 - INVITE OTHERS TO USE APP
Option 2
Invite friends to join you and reconnect to what matters while getting together.
Find who among your phone contacts is on Resbiteand invite others to join
C.1 - INVITE OTHERS TO USE APP
Option 2
C) Receiving an invitation to use the app
Resbiters in your contacts
US 082

As a user, I can choose a resbite to do
The invitee receives a notification through SMS
The user searches among phone contacts
The invited user downloads the app and launches it, and ges through registration process.
MY RESBITES
PROFILE
Connection request
+ Approve
Dismiss
When the user has only one connection request the possibility to dismiss the invitation or Add as a friend is shown in the notifications screen.

When there is more than one connection request the notification screen shows this as a single notification: 




Tapping on this notification the user can manage these connection requests in another screen.
4 new connection requests 
Thomas Perthson + 3 others
pending
USER 1
USER 2
Join Resbite today
Join me on resbite
Cancel
example: invitation
received in whatsapp
Resbites are memorable experiences to share with others. Click here and add me as a buddy:
Join me on resbite
resbite.app
E-mail
Whatsapp
C.2 - INVITE OTHERS TO USE APP
Option 2
Notes:
Contacts can only be imported from phone contacts, 
not from social networks.
The invitee receives a notification in-app and through other media according to the user settings
C.4 - CONNECTION REQUEST NOTIFICATION
C.5 - CONNECTION REQUEST NOTIFICATION
C.6 - CONNECTION REQUEST NOTIFICATION
C.7 - CONNECTION REQUEST NOTIFICATION
C.8 - WHATSAPP INVITATION
C.9 - EMAIL  INVITATION
C.9 - SMS  INVITATION
Congratulations!

You've just finished setting everything up and now you are ready to go
Only one SMS. Depending on the OS the URL in the message would appear as an appendix of the main message like shown in this  iOS Messages screenshot.
+ Add
Paul Rosendal
Mary Garth
Danny De Vito
Phillip Featherston
Sumit Radish
Gunter Weber
Connection requests
Fishing weekend
Fishing
weekend
Walk through old underground city tunnels
Walking 3 parks
challenge
Walking lady 
museum visit
Walking on ice
Walking around the lake
Tabs
Resbites
Walk
Filters:
2 hours
nov 17, mon
nov 18, tue
Costume party
Outdoors
Walk in
the park
Previously completed
Your favorites
F) Choosing a resbite
F.1 - DISCOVER (RESBITES LIST)
      
F.4 -  FILTERED RESBITES / FILTERS APPLIED
Randomizer
Each time this icon is excecuted, the resbites list are populated with different resbites.
When scrolling down, the search+filter bar gets fixed when it reaches the top. It stays fixed on top together with the top bar.

In this way, the search and filters are available always in the screen.
This featured resbite should be editorial based i.e. we could eventually charge money to be listed in this place
Long description
This row should not appear in case the user hasn't completed resbites before
This row should not appear in case the user doesn't have favorites
NOTE:
When a tag is used to filter results, or when a filter is applied, the results listed are not organized by categories anymore.
F.5 - RESBITE DETAIL
F.15 - EXTENDED TAG CLOUD
F.16 - WHATSAPP
Tips :
30 mins
Let's do this
According to others :
Similar resbites :
reduces stress
connects to nature
relieves body tension
example: specific resbite
received in whatsapp
Resbites are memorable experiences to share with others. Check this one out :
F.2 - RANDOMIZE RESBITES
F3 - RESBITES LIST FILTERS
F7 - RESBITES LIST FILTERS
F8 - CATEGORY LIST
F9 - TAG LIST
F10 - SEARCH
F11 - SEARCH RESULTS
USER TYPING
F12 - SEARCH RESULTS
RESBITES
F13 - SEARCH RESULTS
FILTERS APPLIED
F14 - SEARCH RESULTS
TAGS
Filters
30 min
whole day
2 days
2 days +
1 h
2 h
2 h +
1,5 hours
Duration
Sports
Food & Drinks
Arts
Categories
Workmates
Companion
Leisure
See 144 results
reset filters
More tags
Cooking
Spring
Tagged as "walking outdoors"
SEARCH A RESBITE
Note:Search results are shown not only with text, but with an image as well. This can also be seen in apps like YouTube.
"Recently searched" content disappears only when the user has started typing search content.
The cross only appears once the user has started typing on the field and when tapped it clears the text in the field and loads the "recently searched" content on the body of the screen.
Tags
cinema
City tunnels
Search
walking
walking outdoors
walking afternoon
Recently searched
Note:Search results are shown only with text,.This can also be seen in apps like Spotify .
increases hapinnes
reduces anxiety
reduces insomnia
see less
Note:The "see more" button toggles the content to a complete view.
K) Setting up a resbite
K.1 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  INVITE
K.2 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  INVITEES
K.3 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  INVITEES
Peter Ruiz
While scrolling down the contacts list, the button block on the bottom could hide sliding down, and the top bar hide on top so that the user can concentrate on the list better. 

When the user stops scrolling those blocks could slide into the screen again.
K.8 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  INVITE  (no connections and no access to phone contacts yet)
This indication appears only if the user hasn't started and completed setting up a resbite before.
Groups appear listed in the first place
When a children sub-account is invited the parent account is selected at the same time. No children can be invited on its own without the parent being invited as well.
Mark is inviting Peter and you to the Fishing Weekend resbite
22 mins
If the user has previously provided permission to access phone contacts, those who are still not resbite friends or not even resbite users the app appear here.
Francis Matzkin
Peter Wells
John McCunningham
Amber Lager
Sophie Lee
Robert Murdoc
Group details screen
Invite all
Invite 3
Multi day 
Range date-picker:a) https://material.io/components/date-pickers#specs
See "mobile range picker" there

b) https://v4-0-0-alpha-12.material-ui-pickers.dev/demo/daterangepicker
The user can scroll down to see upcoming months, or up to see previous months.
All fields are mandatory in this screen  in order to continue
When the "multi-day" checkbox is selected, the user needs to choose both start and finish days before the "continue" button is enabled.For single-day setting, choosing a day is enough to have the "continue" button enabled."
Progress tracker icons link to the corresponding step once that step has been completed.
ie: on this "Schedule" step the invite icon would link to the invite step, but the "place it" icon won't link to it's corresponding step.
All invitees are selected by default
Done! send invitations
US 

As a user I can receive the
invitation to do a resbite
SUGGESTION:
Change the "X" sign for a more explicit "cancel" button since in this case the user would be canceling a whole process and loose information he/she has just completed, and not just closing a warning or one step process.

According to NNGroup in an articule about "Canceling vs Closing", there are good practices to avoid ambiguity:
   1) Asking the user to confirm their intention
   2) Using explicit text labels rather than ambiguous icons
   3) Presenting two distinct buttons: X for closing the view (with the side effect of saving intermediate work) and Cancel for abandoning the process.

source:nngroup.com/articles/cancel-vs-close/
Once the user starts de-selecting connectios from the group the text in the button appears
Did the user choose
a date range or a single date?
Date range
Single date
Monday  -  Wednesday
17 Nov  -  26 Nov
3:13PM
11:13am
Multi-day date overview:
You still have no connections.
Invite contacts to this resbite sending a connection request at the same time
Note:In this case the user has no connections with another resbite users yet, but the user has previously provided access to phone contacts.
pending connection
K.7  - RESBITE SET-UP  -  INVITE  (no connections yet - access to phone contacts)
Inviting when the user has no connections
No "continue" 
button here
You need to have at least 1 connection in order to set up your first resbite
K.4 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  SCHEDULE
K.5 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  SCHEDULE(Multi day)
K.12 - RESBITE SET-UP  - OVERVIEW
Do you really want to cancel setting up this resbite?
Yes, cancel
The settings you've done for it so far will be lost.
no, go back
Invite friends to the activity
Start and end time to your activity
Choose the location of your activity
Suggested
Near
Vauxhall Joe's bar
    5 mins walk
Tottenham Court Station
    1 min walk
Vauxhall Joe's bar
    1 mile
Tottenham Court Station
     1 min walk
Search place or address
The user can search both an address (street name with number, postcode, etc.) or a place (ie: "Swindon market, Reading")
Suggestions
Just in case there are suggestions for that specific resbite.
K-1 .1 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  PLACE IT - LIST VIEW
Search address
Seabass spot
Main shore line
Marvin's Office
Gym
K-1 .2 RESBITE SET-UP  -  PLACE IT - EXTENDED MAP VIEW
K-1 .3 - PLACE IT - EXTENDED MAP VIEW
moving to another map area
K-1 .4 - PLACE IT - EXTENDED MAP VIEW
chosen place
iPhone 11 screen edge
Switching to expanded map view

The switch is performed like a screen transformation, not like a transition from one screen to another one.
Google, City Mapper and iOS Maps apps use this patter of interaction to switch from a map to a list view and viceversa.

user can drag down the bottom sheet that contains the list elements and expands the map.

The bottom sheet slides down to the bottom of the screen till it is hidden completely.

Material UI component: Bottom Sheet
https://material.io/components/sheets-bottom#usage
show me suggestions here
When the user has moved to a new area on the map, this button appears and a new search for suggested places can be triggered with it.
Favorite places are pre-populated in the map and are visible without needing to trigger a search.
Search a place or address
Main shore line
36 Factory LaneHuddersfield, HD3 4LY
      12 km
Choose this one
Seabass spot
32 Serpentine LaneHuddersfield, HD3 4LY
      13 km
Marvin's office
Every suggested place is shown as a card.
As the user slides to the side, the selection is passed from one item to the following one.
Bookfields bookshop, Nottingham
Wallmart, Lexington
Sheffield's, Wokingham
Kempisky Stadium, Reading
search
K-1 .5 - PLACE IT - EXTENDED MAP VIEW
search initial screen
Notes : 
Until the user starts typing on the search field, recent and Saved locations are shown as suggestions.
K-1 .6 - PLACE IT - EXTENDED MAP VIEW
autocomplete suggestions
36 Factory Lane
36 Factory LaneHuddersfield, HD3 4LY
36 Factory LaneWidnes, WA8 9FW
place
Tabs
Search results autocomplete suggestions appear filtered by these two tabs. And the user can switch to the "address" tab.

This screen shows the "address" tab but the tab "place " should be selected by default as long as there are autocomplete suggestions for it. Otherwise, "address" tab should be selected automatically.

Regardless if there are or not autocomplete suggestions for "place" or "address", pressing the "search" key in the keyboard should trigger a general search anyways.
Notes : 
The extended map view is displayed, showing the chosen place.
Favorites within this area are also marked in the map.
K-1 .8 - PLACE IT - EXTENDED MAP VIEW
place search result in map
K.6 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  SCHEDULE
(Single day)
Set as admin
Remove from resbite
Resend invitation
Meet your guide fo this resbite: Summit Rhadish
resbite name
see stats
Eton Ballroom
Mon, 18 Apr
3PM
Tue, 19 Apr
3 PM
23         24        25        26
17         18         19        20         21        22    
Nov 17
Contact us
Topic 2
Topic 4
Topic 1
Topic 3
Help
FAQ
Support
G) Inviting to do a resbite
Material UI component: Bottom Sheet
https://material.io/components/sheets-bottom#usage
INVITATION
TO RESBITE IS SENT
has the invitee set a preference to receive invitations through SMS?
has the invitee set a preference to receive invitations through e-mail?
Is the invitee a resbite user?
The invitee receives a notification through e-mail
The invitee receives an app notification
Resbite owner 
is notified
To the invitee it appears as sent from resbite owner e-mail address. Would look much more personalized like this.

The invitee can see the chat only once the invitation is accepted
Maria Ruiz is inviting you to the following event: [event name] on [date]. RSVP by installing the Resbite app at :
Maria Ruiz is inviting you to the following event: [event name] on [date]. RSVP with this link :
link.resbite
Maria is inviting you to Costume Party resbite. Check it out.
4 h
1 d
3 d
6 d
2 w
Rabia is inviting you to this resbite.
Check it out.
Rabia has changed the meeting point for Camping
Stephen has accepted your invitation for Camping
16 new messages on the camping group
Lucas has removed you from the Fishing Weekend event
Maria is inviting you to this activity.
Check it out.
Join me on this resbite
not now
I'm in
"In front of The Courtyard cafe"
RSVP
US 241

As a guest that has acepted an invitation to do a resbite, I can be notified that the resbite owner has removed me from the resbite
How was the Cooking Veggie event?
3 w
I won't be attending
Maria is inviting you
Shall we add a message?
Would love to but can't that day
Not my type of thing, but let's do something else soon
Would love to but I won't be able 
to be nearby that day
Write a note
Lucas Proust + 3 others apology for not being able to attend to the Fishing Weekend resbite
Fermin Lira + 3 others accepted your invitation for the Fishing Weekend resbite
G.9 - ACCEPTED + DECLINED INVITATION NOTIFICATIONS
(resbite owner view)
G.4 - INVITING TO RESBITE
NOTIFICATION
G.1 - INVITING TO RESBITE SMS
(no resbite user)
G.2 - INVITING TO RESBITE SMS
(resbite user)
G.3 - INVITING TO RESBITE EMAIL
G.5 - INVITING TO RESBITE
OVERVIEW (INVITEE VIEW)
G.6 - DECLINING INVITATION
(INVITEE VIEW)
G.7 - UPCOMING RESBITE
(INVITEE VIEW)
G.8 - UPCOMING RESBITE
DECLINING INVITATION
I'm in with Peter
G.11 - INVITING TO RESBITE
OVERVIEW (INVITEE VIEW)
Parent + child
Maria is inviting you and Peter
Note that the user added on the "notes" field
Name of the child invited together with the parent.
Inviting parent and child
Peter won't be attending
G.12 - UPCOMING RESBITE
(INVITEE VIEW)
G.13 - UPCOMING RESBITE
invitee apology
Done, neither you or Peter will keep on appearing as invites
The resbite admin will be notified that Peter won't be attending
Confirmation snackbar
It appears on the following screen.Snackbars are the Material design component used along the app to provide feedback to the user after taking certain actions.
material.io/components/snackbars
G.10 - INVITING TO RESBITE
NOTIFICATION
Parent + child
You quitted this resbite
Shall we transfer the ownership of this resbite to someone else?
Yes, transfer ownership
No, and cancel the resbite
johndoe@aol.com
Phone number
44 234 222 394
Settings
Account
Verify your e-mail to protect your account
Dark mode
Notifications
Privacy
Privacy policy
and Terms of Service
Delete account
Sign Out
v3.11.2
Rate us in App Store
Sure you want to delete the "Fishing buddies" group?
Yes, delete group
No one will be
notified about this.
Anne McMillan
Martin Garrix
Marlene Pablov
Delete  group
17 Nov  -  26 Nov
Monday  -  Wednesday
E) Account recovery
Update your e-mail address, type it again
Account recovery
We'll send you a link so that you can quickly recover your account
If an account for example@example.com exists, we've already sent a recovery link.
In case you haven't received the link:
Send link
button should be disabled by default, and enabled once the user has entered a valid value in the input.
By not promising the user that an email will be sent and not disclosing whether the email/username even exists in the database, we :1) encourage them to double check their credentials (in case they don’t get the link) and 2) prevent phishing attacks.
The user receives an e-mail with a text that says "Log in to your account" and provides a LOG-IN button and an alternative link to copy and paste on browser.
See Tinder example screenshot on ClubHouse US 220
LOG IN button clicked by the user
Let's verify your
phone number
 E.1  -  ACCOUNT RECOVERY EMAIL
 E.2  -  ACCOUNT RECOVERY CONFIRMATION
 E.3  -  ACCOUNT RECOVERY PHONE NUMBER VERIFICATION
Invite group
E-mail me invitations from another resbiteers
Turn phone notifications off during this resbite
Send me invitations from other resbiteers through SMS
Remind me before an upcoming resbite starts
Notify me when resbiteers  decline my invitations
App notifications 
Invitations
Sure you want to cancel
this resbite?
Yes, cancel resbite
Remove from group
Block Martin Garrix
Maria is inviting you to this Costumes Party
Rabia is inviting you to Star Gazing
16 new messages on the Camping resbite
Rabia Nuzha                               admin
Attendance not confirmed yet
Attendance confirmed
The difference between the invitees that have accepted the invitation and the ones that haven't confirmed attendance yet is marked with a tick
Here the difference is shown in a more explicit (and textual) way.
Totte
Tottenham Stadium
Tottenham Stadium parking
"Totte"
You could try something more general

or 
Ups...
We can't find what you are looking for
see our suggestions
Only in case there are suggestions for this resbite
K-1 .2 - RESBITE SET-UP  -  PLACE IT - EXTENDED MAP VIEW
Location permission
The permission request OS dialog appears on the extended map view screen.
Suggested places + saved places
If there are suggestions for this resbite and for this user, those appear revealed from the beginning just with a marker. 

The titles for these markers would appear if the user switches to the extended map view.
This search field Is revealed when switching to the Expanded map view.
Actual position button is revealed when switching to the Expanded map view.

In case the user has denied permission to access the current location before, a dialog modal is shown indicating the user that permission must be provided in order to use this feature.
We need help to find where you are
Go to settings
Allow Resbite access your location from the Settings of your phone
Back in the expanded list view: a) the suggested places are updated with the ones that appeared in this extended map view:
b) near places are updated to show places near the location used in the map.
Vauxhall Joe's bar
    13 km
Main shore line
     12 km
Autocomplete suggestions
As soon as the user starts typing the "recent" list disappears and a list of autocomplete search suggestions is shown.
Two different ways to trigger the Search with the query typed in the searchfield. (reference: Foursquare)
X
This sign appears on the search field, it allows the typed text to be deleted all at once.
X
Note that the "X" is not present anymore when the search has already been triggered
The hidden list appears available again so that the user can display it again and recover easily from this no-results issue
Has the user provided access to location before?
Is the user typing something that could be compatible with an address? (ie: steet name or postal code)
location
Search results are more relevant to you if you get location powered.
Suggestions
The selected place appears with a different style (both in the marker over the map and on the card)
Save
In case the chosen place is an address with no title like a bar, square or supermarket; this modal appears offering the user the chance to name the place.

Naming the place is , however, not a required action in order to have it added to saved places.
Marker
The marker does not show any title when the place is an address
In case it is not technically possible to show suggestions straight forward, this button will allow the user to search for suggestions around the area of the place chosen in the previous screen (this applies to cases where the user has chosen a specific place like "favorite", "previously searched", "suggested" or "near").
Are there search results
for this query?
K-1 .7 - PLACE IT - EXTENDED MAP VIEW
autocomplete suggestions
K-1 .9 - PLACE IT - SEARCH
no results found
K-1 .10 - PLACE IT - SEARCH
address search result in map
Markers 
            Suggested

            Favs

            Location pin, used for 
            any other place that is 
            not fav or suggested.
K-1) Setting up a resbite - Place it (expanded flow)
Uni
Add  a group
Lucas Proust apologies for not being able to attend: "Would love to but can't that day"
Charly Fourbolough apologies for not being able to attend: "Would love to but can't that day"
Imogen Adams apologies for not being able to attend: "Would love to but can't that day"
Dismiss as admin
mon, nov 17
wed, nov 26
How did you feel after this? 
Providing feedback helps us
tailor your experience.
or search near somewhere else
nearby fishing spots
Address
Set place by address
Nina Ruiz
J) Profile and groups
Manage my connections
My groups
Saved places
When the user starts using the app, "Household" is a group that's already created although it doesn't have contacts added to it.
Your conections
Search connection
Add an emoji to the group name. Only one emoji can be displayed at the same time.
J.5 - CHANGING GROUP NAME
The search field is visible only if the group has more than 10 members
User's children always appear first in the different lists of connections in the app. The visual style should differenciate it from the connections.
close
Disconnect
Disconnect and block
J.4 - SPECIFIC GROUP
J.6 - DELETE GROUP
J.7 - MANAGE GROUP MEMBER
Add members
Household is a special group, dedicated to those living under the same roof
Has the user provided permission to access phone contacts before?
      Home
36 Factory LaneWidnes, WA8 9FW
      Work
16 Redhill road, QQ3 9LL
Marvin's office
44 Mulberry Court, ER2 7YU
Gym
36 Guinness Factory, PE8 9FW
My children
Children
Household can't be deleted like the other groups.
The disconnect button slides into the screen from right to left as the user swipes into that direction.

If the user is performing a long swipe, reaching the left edge of the screen, then the "disconnect" function would be submitted, and the confirmation dialog box above appears (distructive actions requiere confirmation from the user usually).
Sure you want to disconnect from Maria?
Yes
You will need to send a connection request when you want to connect with her again
The "disconnect and block" button slides into the screen from left to right as the user swipes into that direction.

If the user is performing a long swipe, reaching the right  edge of the screen, then the "disconnect and block" function would be submitted, and the confirmation dialog box above appears (usually destructive actions requiere confirmation from the user).
Sure you want to disconnect and block Maria?
Disconnect
and block
Edit
Have children?Add them here so you can include them in your resbites.
Your connections will be able to invite you and everyone in your household.

You can change this in Privacy settings.
Managing connections
Children sub-account
What's the date of birth?
Trasfer resbites history
What's the full name?
Transfer Nina's data
to her new account
J.31  -  MY CHILDREN
CHILD GOT 16 YEARS OLD
J.32  -  MY CHILDREN
CHILD GOT 16 YEARS OLD
J.33  -  MY CHILDREN
CHILD  GOT 16 YEARS OLD
J.34  -  MY CHILDREN
CHILD  GOT 16 YEARS OLD
J.35  -  MY CHILDREN
CHILD GOT 16 YEARS OLD
J.29  -  CREATE SUB-ACCOUNT
J.27  -  CREATE SUB-ACCOUNT
J.28  -  CREATE SUB-ACCOUNT
J.25  - CREATE SUB-ACCOUNT
(no children added yet)
J.30  - CREATE SUB-ACCOUNT
(children account created already)
Delete sub-account
This card changes depending if the user has already added children here.
Your connections will be able to invite your children together with you (and only with you at the same time) while setting up a resbite.

You can change this in the Privacy Settings
Nina is over 16 years old and can have her own Resbite account now.

Send her the Done resbites history so she can use them in her own account when she creates it.
The e-mail address or phone number should be the one used by Nina to create her Resbite account.
Add another child
J.26  -  CREATE SUB-ACCOUNT
NOTE:
In the future we might add the possibility to create sub-accounts for elderly people.
44 Mulberry Court, ER2 7YU
Set new location for this place
Change to current location
Marvin's new office
Search place
has any of the children in these subaccounts become 16 years old already
You've created Peter Ruiz's sub-account
Nina Ruiz can now 
have her own account
You can transfer her Done resbites history to her new account when she creates it
Once the 1st child has been added, the "add child" button appears here.
Nina's email address
Nina's phone number
email
Send a connection request as well
+44 0 234 111345
Note:When the input field is active, the label behaves in accordance to Material Design suggestions:material.io/components/text-fields#anatomy
Is the transference done through email or phone number?
Since you are over 16years old now you can create your own Resbite account. Maria Ruiz has transferred your resbites history. Your account should be  created under this phone number.
Since you are over 16years old now you can create your own Resbite account. Maria Ruiz has transferred your resbites history. 

Your account should be  created under this email addres.
Join resbite at its full
Join Resbite
phone number
Delete
The delete button slides into the screen from right to left as the user swipes into that direction.

The Home and Work items can't be deleted from the list. Those can only be edited.
Sure you want to delete
this place?
You won't see it anymore in the Saved places list while setting up a resbite
New name
The OS keyboard slides-in as soon as the user types on the place's name to edit it
Any modification on the place makes the "Save" button appear
Any edits done are
not saved
DE7 8HQ
set new location
Tabs
The user can search a place (ie: "Tesco Max Workingham") or an address. Those two categories will filter the search results with tabs.
Updated address
The visual style highlights the address to show it is an updated information that is ready to be saved.
Suggestions
As soon as the user starts typing the "recent" list disappears and a list of autocomplete search suggestions is shown.
J.1 - PROFILE
J.2 - MY GROUPS
J.3 - HOUSEHOLD
J.8 - SAVED PLACES
J.9 - EDIT SAVED PLACE
J.10 - DELETE SAVED PLACE
J.12 - MANAGE SAVED PLACE
J.13 - VIEW SAVED PLACE IN MAP
J.14 - EDIT SAVED PLACE NAME
J.15 - EDIT SAVED PLACE NAME
J.16 - EDIT SAVED PLACE LOCATION
J.17 - EDIT SAVED PLACE LOCATION
J.18 - SAVED PLACE
UPDATED LOCATION
J.11 - DELETE SAVED PLACE CONFIRMATION
J.19 - MANAGING CONNECTIONS
LIST
J.20 - DISCONNECT FROM A CONNECTION (swiping)
J.21 - DISCONNECT FROM A CONNECTION - CONFIRMATION
J.22 - MANAGING CONNECTIONS
Manage a connection
J.23 - DISCONNECT FROM A CONNECTION
(swiping)
J.24 - DISCONNECT FROM A CONNECTION
(confirmation)
Delete group
J.2.1 - GROUP DELETION
(swiping)
Sure you want
to dele group?
Use "Cancel" in stead of "NO"

Having in mind that many users don't read modal windows, or these Yes/No questions is better to use "Cancel" in stead of "No". 

That way, the user doesn't have to read all the text in this modal pop-up dialog if he/she doesn't want to and can go straight to "cancel". Cancelling is perceived as a safer option on its own.
Upps, sorry, no results for your search
D) Log in
D.1  -  LOGIN PHONE
D.2  -  LOGIN PHONE
The country code should be pre-set by geolocation.
should be disabled by default, and enabled once the user has entered a valid value in the input.
USER IS LOGGED IN
US 037

The user can register on RB using phone number
Screen 037.C
SETTINGS > HELP
(Option 2)
What do you need help with?
Help > FAQs
Report an issue
Support requests
!
FAQs
Chats
Connections
and groups
Technical issues
In this version the FAQs are shown in a second screen.
There, the topics are formatted into cards that have a title, image and description for each of them, like in Slack FAQs.
I.6.1 - SETTINGSHELP
Connections and groups
Report an issue 
with a resbite
I.6.4 - SETTINGS > HELP
Help >
Resbites
Recommendations to make the most out of the app
Understanding invitations to do a resbite and invitation confirmations
I have chosen a resbite to do but me and the invitees need to define altogether when to do it. What can I do in this case?
How does Resbite work?
I want to invite someone to a resbite but I can't find this person in my list
Understanding a resbite admins
Help >
Account
Can I associate a new e-mail address with my account?
How can I recover my account
Can I transfer my account to another phone number?
What private information is shown to other resbite users
Report an issue with my account
I.6.2 - SETTINGS > HELP > ACCOUNT
Yes, you can transfer your account with all the data of it using the e-mail address associated to your Resbite account. Launch the app once you have installed a new sim card, then go to "Account recovery" and follow the steps. 
I.6.3 - SETTINGS > HELP
(FAQ displayed)
I) Notifications and settings
Connections can see my
children sub-accounts
Connections can see my Household members and invite them to resbites
My connections
I.1 - NOTIFICATIONS
I.2 - NOTIFICATIONSCONNECTION REQUESTS
I.3 - SETTINGS
I.5 - SETTINGS
PRIVACY
E-mail me connection requests
Send me connection requests through SMS
E-mail me invitations from another connections
Account deletion is final. There will be no way to restore your account.

If you close your account you'll lose your "Done resbites" list, connections, favorites, saved places, messages and photo collections.
We're sorry to see you go
Delete acount
Could you tell us why you are leaving?
I'm getting too many e-mails
I have a duplicate account
I'm not getting any value from my membership
I have a privacy concern
I'm receiving unwanted contact
I haven't found interesting resbites
I've had a bad experience during a resbite
Your feedback matters. Would you like to tell us something more?
Email app opens
Subject is pre-populated with an enquiry number
I.4 - SETTINGSNOTIFICATIONS
I.7 - SETTINGSDELETE ACCOUNT
I.7.2 - SETTINGSDELETE ACCOUNT
I.7.3 - SETTINGSDELETE ACCOUNT
Chatbot:In a future version, the user could receive help from a chatbot
Accordion format
The user taps on a question and the answer is displayed.
Research sources:https://uxplanet.org/offboarding-the-way-to-say-goodbye-to-your-users-26bf45b5bf4a
Ticketing system
Might need to evetually integrate this with a ticketing system.
Help Contextual illustration
Search help
If the number of FAQs increases a search should be considered.
The button is enabled only once the user has chosen a reason for leaving.
Confirmation required
Delete your account
Type DELETE to confirm:
Sure you want to
sign out?
Yes, sign out
Did you know you can choose which emails you receive from Resbite and how often? Visit your Notifications settings to control what you are getting.
NOTE:Additional information is shown when the user selects this option.
Did you know you can report this from your Help Settings ?
membership
Could tell us more?
We thank you for the time you were part of our Resbite community.

We'll be glad to see you around again in the future in case you want to.
Your acount
has been deleted
Delete my account
Is the cancelling user an important one?(ie: the user has been an active user for many years, it's a premium-account user or has made a lot of connections).
The user that left receives an email of the CEO 
Obviously this doesn’t scale but for important accounts we can log an alert and send a short personalized email.

The ex-user will have a human point-of-reference and be more willing to share feedback. This will help us understand why churn is happening and prevent it in future.

Example from Pigeon app:
Settings > Help
When the user has previously submitted a support request while reporting an issue and the customer support has answered, this icon shows an exclamation sign.
Technical issues FAQs

- Why can't I see a specific resbite I had added to favorites?
- I want to log in but I am not receiving the login code through SMS
Connections and groups FAQs

- What happens when I send a connection request to another person?
- I want to stop receiving unwanted connection requests or invitations from another user
- Child sub-account
Anywhere
Near work
Saved place 1
Saved place 2
Place
Daytime
Morning
Evening
Afternoon
Moment
Silence group chat
Search in the conversation
Group administrator
Emoji
Any children at home?
Add them here and bring the whole family on board with parental control security
Sure you want to remove Noel from this event?
We'll need to notify Noel about this.
This resbite was cancelled
Imogen Adams                           admin
H) Before the resbite
Resend invitations
cancel resbite
Note:
"Resend invitations" button appears only if there is a modification on the resbite.
Only the resbite admins can see it.
If nothing has changed since the invitees received the last invitation, the button should not appear visible.
Note:
All these three options require a confirmation pop-up dialog in order to be completed.

Admins
Every resbite member who is also an admin should have that indicated in this way.
There can be multiple admins for a single resbite.
Emoji
It is possible to change the emoji, but not the title of the chat since it matches the resbite name
Removing an invitee from the list
The removed invitee only receives a notification if he/she confirmed the assistance before.
Search in the chat
Dragging down the screen the search bar appears from behind the top bar.
Note:
The removed invitee only receives a notification if he/she confirmed the assistance before.
Sure you want to remove  Noel Gallagher from this event?
We'll need to notify Noel 
about this.
H.1 - UPCOMING RESBITE
(resbite admin view)
H.10 - UPCOMING RESBITES TAB
(invitee view)
General screen notes:
- There is no "resend invitations" button.
- Settings cannot be changed
- There is a card that encourages the invitee to use the chat in order to suggest modifications.
H.16 - SETTING UP A NEW ADMIN BEFORE QUITTING
(resbite owner view)
List of invitees
- The user can scroll through the list and pick up only one.
- Invitees that haven't confirmed attendance or that have already declined the invitation are excluded from here.
-More than one invitee can be set as admin.
- When the user taps on the row of an invitee, the word "admin" appears on the right :
The button is enabled only once the user has selected someone in the list
This button will only appear if at least one of the invitees has confirmed attendance to the event.
Only the invitees that have accepted the invitation will be notified about this.
The resbite 
has been cancelled
You left
the resbite
Set another admin if you wish the rest of the invitees to go on with this resbite
Set new admin and leave
Cancel the resbite for all
or cancel the resbite completely
Cancelling or leaving a resbite
Sure you can't
make it?
Yes, leave resbite
The rest of the invitees 
will be able to go on with it

This resbite will continue with the rest of the invitees if you set up a new admin.
You can go back and choose "I won't be attending" if you want the rest of the invitees to go on with it.
Is there another admin for this resbite?
Maria left the Fishing Weekend resbite and has assigned you as the admin of it
US 256

As a guest I can be notified that I have been turned into a resbite admin.
H.18 - LEAVING A RESBITE
notification
Maria left the Fishing Weekend resbite
US 258

As a resbite guest I can be notified that the admin has left the event
Cancelled resbite:
a) No invitee will be abe to go on with this resbite.
b) Invitees will receive a notification about this. The invitees that haven't confirmed attendance will also stop seeing this invitation on MY RESBITES screen.
c) Invitees that declined the invitation won't receive a notification.
Quitted resbite:
a) Invitees that haven't confirmed attendance won't receive a notification and will stop seeing this invitation on MY RESBITES screen.

b) The new resbite admin can now see the resbite details screen not as an invitee anymore, but as the previous admin could.
DISCOVER
screen
Imogen Adams is now a new admin for this resbite
Search group member
New group
Group name
H.3.2 - CHANGING GROUP NAME
H.3.3 - MANAGING GROUP MEMBER
This button is fixed on the bottom of the screen while the user scrolls down the list.
Maria has cancelled the Fishing Weekend resbite
US 259

As a guest of a resbite I can be notified that it has been cancelled
The "send" icon appears only once the user has tapped on the text input field
H.2 - UPCOMMING RESBITE - INVITEES LIST
H.3 - MAKE NEW GROUP
FROM INVITEES LIST
H.4 - UPCOMING RESBITE INVITEES
TAPPING ON AN INVITEE
H.5 - UPCOMING RESBITE INVITEES
REMOVING AN INVITEE
H.6 - UPCOMING RESBITE INVITEES
DISMISSING INVITEE AS ADMIN
H.7 - UPCOMING RESBITE
 CHAT
H.8 - UPCOMING RESBITE
 CHAT - TYPING
H.9 - UPCOMING RESBITE
 CHAT - SEARCHFIELD REVEALED
H.11 - UPCOMING RESBITE
(invitee view)
H.12 - CANCELING A RESBITE
confirmation
H.13 - CANCELING A RESBITE
notification
H.14 - CANCELING A RESBITE
feedback screen
H.15 - LEAVING A RESBITE
confirmation
H.16 - LEAVING A RESBITE
confirmation 2
H.17 - LEAVING A RESBITE
notification
H.19 - LEAVING A RESBITE
notification
Darken the page behind the overlay component (this applies to bottom sheet, modal, pop-up dialog, etc).

This does two jobs. Firstly it draws attention to the overlay and secondly it lets the user know that the page isn’t currently active. Be careful with that tinting though.

Allow users to tap away to close the bottom sheet.
Closed chat
Resbite chats are closed once the resbite is finished.
Choose yours
Photo poll
Vote
per copy
£8
After the photo poll has finished you can pay your copy and have it shipped to you.
Sure you want to delete this activity from 
My Resbites list?
L.1 - USER FEEDBACK
L) After the resbite
How did you feel after this? 
Providing feedback helps us 
tailor your experience
Plain, not actionable data
Difference between the Details screen of an upcoming resbite and resbite details screen of a resbite that has already finished is that in here (already done one) the location, invitees and date are not details that resbite owner can change.
The invitees that took part in the resbite that is being repeated should appear pre-selected in here.
The date of the already done resbite should not appear here as a pre-set setting.

The "Continue" button is disabled until there is a date there.
Rate
This card is only available if the user hasn't provided feedback bfore.
Chat with countdown
For 3 days, starting from the moment the resbite has finished, the chat shows a countdown.
Closed chat
Chats are closed once the resbites are finished
L.2 - DONE RESBITE DETAIL
(resbite owner view)
L.3 - REPEATING RESBITE
Selecting Invitees
DONE RESBITES LIST
The user sets
 day and time
Repeat resbite
You can drop a line before the Cooking Veggie resbite chat closes in three days.
Notification received just after finishing a resbite
The chat will be closed in 3 days
Would you leave some final words?
this chat will be closed in
2 days    14 hours    03 mins
3 days pass by and the resbite chat is closed
L.4 - REPEATING RESBITE
Selecting date
L.5 - REPEATING RESBITE
Selecting place
L.6 - DONE RESBITE
Chat closing countdown
L.7- DONE RESBITE
Closed chat
L.8- DONE RESBITE
INVITEES
L.9- CHAT WILL CLOSE
NOTIFICATION
CHOOSING A RESBITE
RESBITE DETAIL WITH DATE AND PLACE
MY RESBITES: LISTS
SETTINGS
NOTIFICATIONS
MY RESBITES: Upcoming resbite overview (resbite owner view)
MY RESBITES: UPCOMING RESBITE (invitee view)
Do you want
to sync with iCal ?
Never miss a resbite
Not now
Has the user denied permission to sync with iCal or Google Calendar before?
has the invitee set a preference to receive invitations through SMS or e-mail?
If the user has already added a resbite to calendar this checkbox should be already checked.
The same should happen if the user has set all resbites to be saved in calendar from Settings screen.

If the user is on Android we should not include iCal checkbox

If the user chooses YES then request permission to access the calendar through system dialog
The invitee receives a notification through e-mail and app notification
The invitee only receives an app notification
Does this resbite have a specific place and time?
Groups appear listes in the first place
"Send invitations" should be replaced by "Resend invitations" if the user has previously sent invitations.

There should be a limit for the times a resbite owner can send invitations.
RESBITE DETAIL
DONE RESBITE CHAT
Button becomes active once the user chose at least a friend and at least a resbite.
List of friends invited to this resbite, regardless they accepted the invitation or not.
The tapped row should have an "active mode" style
Reference:https://www.royalmail.com/find-a-postcode
RANDOMIZE RESBITES
Resbite Photobook 
Choose the pics and every one on the resbite receives the printed book.
Receiving an invitation to use the app
Onboarding slideshow
SPLASH SCREEN
Registration
PROFILE PIC
Setting up a resbite
Choosing a resbite
 
After the resbite
Before the resbite
DISCOVER
invitation sent
Pending
Or should the user arrive to a HOME screen with more diverse content?
MARIA
In case the previous step is incomplete, the indicator should show that
9:41
Only day and starting time should be mandatory this screen  in order to continue
Skip
US083

As a user, I can see the details of a chosen resbite
Skip this for now
Active Challenge:
In case there's a challenge ongoing a card like this appears in firs place.
A card for every ongoing challenge.
SPLASH
SCREEN
Terms and abbreviations

RB: Resbite
first-run experience: the first interaction that the user has with the app.
US002

The user can login
to the app

splash screen
BALANCE
ACHIEVE
This text could be some text like:1) explaining benefits of making balance.

2) motivating the user to make balance, mentioning what this user is being great at and what could be done to make balance.
Share a friend link
The sender should be clear for the user, like in the following example from "OBC Bank":
Nice to have:
showing some empathy with a sentence under the title saying smth like "Don’t worry, happens to the best of us."