Received
Resbite: “launching in USA in 2023”
Unsubscribe
Info@scoop.com
Scoop
for me
Translate this message
(2 hours ago)
of
articles
Resbite app design avoids 
#harmfulFeatures
Premium Resbite app features
7 Oct
Category 22
notes
shouts
Check our #ValentinesDay 
collection
Manage subscriptions
Powered by
Resbite app
Brand B
#ValentinesDay
Unsubscribe from Resbite posts
Scoop International Company
Marble 2, Fenian Street
London, D02 AX07  UK
Help  |  Privacy  |  Reset password  |  Download app
of 5.000
Old early-access subscribers
300 odd people that have already signed up an email to start them on this journey
You are now registered as a founding member and you’ll have early access to the app once we launch. 
Invite others to join and get more benefits
Use the code:
www.resbite.com/join?dh9Xdgg
Invite 2 refferals and get these rewards.
Invite 5 refferals and get these rewards.
Invite 8 refferals and get these rewards.
(Award is given once the referral sings up to become a founding member)
Referral link (Unique tracking URL) is generated using the identifier parameter of the browsed URL and populated in the message.
An email is sent to them through Mailchimp letting them know about the referrals program and providing them with a sharing link they can use to invite others.
Once in a while an email should be sent to the founding members letting them know hoe the project is going
User sends a personal sign-up link referrals
Become founding member
Typeform submission redirects to URL that includes the person email or an identifier
Typeform form is submitted
The referral link identifier is saved in Typeform and Firebase when the referral signs-up
The referral link identifier is searched in Firebase and the number of invitees that signed up is increased +1
Referral link (Unique tracking URL) is generated using the identifier parameter of the browsed URL and populated in the message.
This should also be passed to Mailchimp
Typeform plan should be paid in order to use this redirect feature. 
It’s mentioned here: https://support.referralhero.com/integrate/integrations/typeform

www.resbite.com/product.html
www.resbite.com/join?dh9Xdgg
www.resbite.com/product.html?4758593773
The new subscription info is saved in:
- Firebase
- Typeform form responses
A confirmation email is sent to the new subscriber through Mailchimp that shows similar content and the same sharing link to the ‘Welcome to Resbite’ webpage
Founding member shares link through any media (social networks, email, SMS).

The referral clicks on link.
Is the user that referred in the 1st instance falling into a higher category in the scale of the referral program?
An email is sent to the user informing the award and encouraging the user to get more friends onboard to get more benefits.

This email could have a milestone diagram that shows the achieved and pending goals

Depending on the category…
3 friends confirmed: a 12 months premium membership is awarded. 

The database saves the ‘premium status’ as ‘true’ and exports as ‘12 months’.

This period of time starts when the user creates an account under the same email used to sign-up for Early Access.

When the 12 months are close to finish a notification (email, in-app, push notification) warns the user about this. 

6 friends confirmed: a Resbite t-shirt is awarded. 
The user is asked to provide an address to receive the t-shirt (responding to the email? maybe filling up an online form?).
An email is sent to the Resbite admin to prepare and send the t-shirt.
9 friends confirmed: lifetime premium membership is awarded.

The database saves the ‘premium status’ as ‘true’ and exports as never.

Summary

Every Early Access form submission saves the information in Firebase.

If the user has used a referral link to sign-up: 
A) the referral link identifier is saved together with the user information
B) a function searches in the database who does that referral link belongs to.
C) the function updates the information for the referral link owner
D) if that referral link owner has reached a new referral tier (ie: 3 sign-ups) an email is sent to that user.
email
Please confirm your membership and become a founding member.
Confirm my membership
This text could be some text like:1) explaining benefits of making balance.

2) motivating the user to make balance, mentioning what this user is being great at and what could be done to make balance.
article
Subscribe
splash screen